Outbound flight FRA/PRN A319. 2 hours 10 min flight. I thought drinks/snacks for sale but sandwich soft drinks were served complimentary. Inbound flights SKP/LJU/FRA CRJ900. each 1 hour 30 min flight. Skyshop menu was in a seat pocket and drinks/snacks were for sale. All flight crews were friendly. Security check at the Ljubljana airport for transit passengers was chaos however it's possible to go to a gate within 30min.:::1
Two short hops ZRH-LJU and LJU-VIE. Very fast on CRJ 90. Seats comfortable and crew was fine. Ground services good and lounge was quite nice.:::1
Flew Zurich-Ljubljana on JP365 newish CRJ900. Flight almost full departure on time. Service on board by 2 pleasant and friendly female flight attendants. I bought coffee mineral water and a very nice and fresh filled croissant for EUR 6. Good value!:::1
Adria serves this 100 min flight from Ljubljana to Amsterdam on a brand new CRJ900 Next Gen which has a hugely improved cabin. Much more spacious higher ceiling and with big windows. The seats seem to be more comfortable and have more legroom. The business class is not separated from the main cabin though not even with the standard back seat curtain. The food offering could be slightly improved for usually I've had good meals on Adria.:::1
WAW-SKJ Economy. No free snacks or drinks on this Star Alliance partner. Just full legacy carrier fares for basically a budget airline. Flying out of Poland had no Euros or USD on me. I was thirsty and asked to purchase a bottle of water. The stewardess said that I could not buy it and could not use a credit card or purchase it in cash without their preferred currency. When I pointed out that they were able to sell duty free with visa cards she huffed and puffed and basically said it would be "difficult". She never offered me a tiny cup of water. On the way back I switched to Turkish Airlines via IST and got a free 3 course meal on both segments and friendly service.:::0
Sarajevo-Frankfurt via Ljubljana. I loved flying with them. Very small airline but a functional one. Crew friendly on board nothing special regarding entertainment or service. But flight duration's were short too so nothing to complain about. What I loved the most was a fast transit process in Ljubljana since its small airport and immigration was very fast. Would choose them again on my future trips.:::1
I had flights from Paris to Sarajevo via Ljubljana. Adria Airways provides a low cost product these days. The food and beverages become for purchase including water. This is acceptable for short flights but it should be clearly indicated during the ticket purchase on their web-site. There are no hot options and quality of sandwiches is really poor. Besides the service was very friendly and efficient. Both flights arrived on time.:::1
LJU to FRA and back both flights were on time. Flights were made by CRJ900 NextGen aircraft. Very clean cabin and comfortable seats. Staff were always nice and friendly. New SkyShop service was excellent with nice prices and it's not too expensive.:::1
On my Ljubljana - Munich flight in business class Adria used the CRJ-900 Next Generation which is a great plane. I love the very large windows which are at a proper height so that you don't have to bend your neck down in order to look out the window like on the older versions of this Bombardier equipment. Moreover the aircraft is very quiet. It's a short flight but in business class you got a good meal and a comfy seat.:::1
Flights from LJU to ZRH and back all on time. In Economy class was served just coffee tea an water but it's fine for one and a half hour flight. Very friendly and helpful cabin crew members. Very clean and comfortable cabin on CRJ900 aircraft.:::1
I was very satisfied with the CRJ 900 on my flight from Zagreb to Istanbul. The aircraft's are very clean fresh new and the staff was very helpful. Besides I felt very safe and comfortable in the aircraft.:::1
I was on JP650 the evening departure to Istanbul on 28th August. It was on a very clean Airbus A319 and it was a light load flight. The crew were warm and kind especially the Purser who took her time walked and talked to several passengers. They even offered me a pillow and blanket which I appreciated. A warm refreshment with selections of cold/hot beverage were offered on this 2 hours flight. We took off about 5 minutes earlier and landed more or less 20 minutes earlier. It was a relaxing flight and I do hope they will be flying to more destinations in the future since Slovenia is a beautiful and lovely country to visit.:::1
VIE-LJU LJU-MUC Aug 4-15th CRJ200. Both flights very good. Clean cabin comfortable seats (always cramped in CRJ) efficient and attractive cabin crew announcements made in Slovenian and pretty good English and German. Water bottle for each passenger even on short flights like these and coffee offered on second flight. Aircraft departed on time boarding was efficient captain kept passengers updated no IFE of course bags arrived very quickly. In LJU nicely stocked Priority Pass lounge and is a nice small airport MUC is an awesome airport to connect through. Would highly recommend this little regional airline and Slovenia is beautiful.:::1
If I have to fly a regional jet then I prefer the new generation CRJ 900 which Adria used on today's flight from Amsterdam to Ljubljana. It has much bigger windows which makes the cabin look more spacious. Despite Adria cutting back on a lot of their routes for what it is the service food and cabin is OK.:::1
Istanbul-Ljubljana-Munich and return. Pre-take off on all sectors given an individual bottle of water and plastic glass. During flight some pleasant cold snacks tasty and attractively presented. Drinks on demand. Cabin crew all very friendly good eye contact and knowledge of English. Seats just normal economy ones. Transfers in Ljubljana a bit confusing. In one direction followed signs into a passage which was locked. A couple of minutes later somebody came and let us out to go through security. On the return leg did not have to go through security there. Disappointing that Ljubljana Duty Free shop does not sell alcohol after 9pm. Also that the Slovenian liqueur speciality advertised in their in-flight Duty Free catalogue is not carried on board. All flights on time.:::1
Return flight Paris-Skopje via Ljubljana. All flights were on time and nice very clean planes / good flight crew. Seats were comfortable enough for a 1-2 hours flight. Boarding was easy for all flights. Ljubljana airport is very small and nice. The only downside is the absence of any snack. FA served only water and coffee/tea. This is almost like low cost airline. It is recommended airline for short flights.:::1
BEG-LJU-BEG with CRJ200 great regional airline with excellent airport. Too bad the airport is not too busy. Both flights were on time and they had Duty Free service with certain items on special prices. Their tickets are not good may be that is a reason that they are on economic difficulties.:::1
I fly at least once a month ZRH-LJU-ZRH. My experience is that the staff on the ground need a better education regarding how to care of passengers. If it comes to a delay and pax have to go to the info desk to change tickets and so on then you really see of how unfriendly and unprepared staff are. The airplanes could be cleaned better and I do also see some room for improvement for the flight staff.:::1
LTN to LJU outbound with CRJ200 return with CRJ900. Both legs on time. Just a tiny sandwich and only one round of drinks but ok for a 2 hr flight. Slow and unfriendly staff. Very little room in CRJ200 even though it was not full. Passengers had to pick up their luggage from hold upon arrival to LJU and carry the bags to the terminal building.:::1
Ljubljana to Brussels with CRJ900. Boarding on time. The aircraft looked quite new and very clean. Meal served was above my expectations. Cabin crew were very nice. The only thing that was bad was the seating arrangement. I sat in 13th or 14th row and that row didn't have any windows! Otherwise flight was ok.:::1
LJU-FRA and FRA-LJU. First flight on time return flight slightly delayed due to heavy snow in FRA. Flight attendants attentive and helpful. Delicious snacks on both flights. While waiting for take off on first leg passengers were served Slovenian sparkling wine juices and water. Comfortable seats and generous leg- room with CRJ 900 to FRA and CRJ 200 to LJU. Both airplanes very clean and seemingly well maintained all in all quite an enjoyable experience.:::1
LJU-FRA-LJU. Both flights on time. Flight attendants are friendly however they allowed 3 different versions of female uniforms on the same flight. A white T-shirts under an apron looks very casual for a flag-carrier. The planes are quite worn and promotional messages on the seats for an insurance company look cheap. Food is ok taking in consideration that it was just an 1 hour flight.:::0
Smart and efficient service. Small planes but as a tall man (6ft 4) I did not feel cramped either on the CRJ-200 (AMS-LJU) or the CRJ-900 (LJU-AMS). The cabin crew were friendly and the food for such a short flight was good. Also the price was right.:::1
FRA-VIE in Business Class. A great little airline transferred to them after our transatlantic flight. The advantage for the CRJ sitting on a remote stand was that we got a really interesting ride around Frankfurt airport with operating aircraft taxiing landing taking off all around us. Onboard the crew were pleasant and managed to serve a hot lunch to us during the 60 mins flight. We departed and arrived on time and the flight was smooth.:::1
London Gatwick to Ljubljana and Ljubljana to Vienna in Business Class. Delayed slightly at Gatwick but that happens. Otherwise very good flights. Cabin crew friendly and welcoming ensuring that you were okay - without being too pushy and forward. Short flights and light meals/snacks served.:::1
ZRH to LJU as a continuation to a flight with Swiss. Adria were not as good as Swiss but they did make us feel welcome onboard and look after us. The return flight was much better than the outbound flight with the cabin crew smiling and talking to passengers. The CRJ was clean and looked in better condition than other airlines equipment I have flown in the past.:::1
I fly Adria a lot (at least once a month) and find them ok. The service is mixed. Often the supervisor is not ready for boarding and there is no-one to greet. Last time when I boarded the crew were having their photo taken on the tarmac so we all had to stand and wait until they finished. Food is fine and the hand luggage service where it is delivered on the tarmac on landing works well on the CRJ aircraft.:::0
I fly Adria quite a lot (aprox 2 flts a month). My routes are normally VIE-LJU or ZRH-LJU. I always wondered why Adria is not high profile airline being small can be a plus. The CRJ200 and 1000 are OK specially 1000 which are brand new and also A319 latest delivery. I hate that they never board on time neither depart on time. For 20 pax you should be in the air in about 15 min. But they lose a lot of time after the boarding is completed and the take off. The service is worse every time. Now you get a small pack of seeds or dry fruit and a bottle of water. The flights are normally only 30 mins but nevertheless I miss the nice box with good sandwich water and a small dessert. The price is well overpriced for what they offer. There were old inflight magazines in cabin. Crew is good but sometimes too familiar with passengers or fellow colleagues.:::0
This was my first time with Adria. Short hop from KBP to LJU. The airline is 3 star but my ticket had 5 star price tag. Online sale worked fine online check-in system issued me a pass with wrong boarding time (nearly 2 hours early). Luckily their call center worked well and I was told to report to the airport at normal time and use "wrong" boarding pass. It really worked. There were about 14 passengers onboard Canadair200. The plane was new and clean. Seats were very narrow however seat pitch was okay. My seat didn't work well so I did take off and landed in reclined position. Food was much below average (small cheese sandwich) bar service was good and generous. Flight departed late but made it in the air and landed about ontime. Crew were cheerful and attentive. My special meal was delivered and was okay (much better then standard sandwiches offered to other passengers). All in all a real strong 3 star experience but overpriced ticket. Also saw no difference between business and economy cabin. Same seats for different price.:::1
ZRH-LJU-ZRH with CRJ-900. New plane with pleasant cabin interior and comfortable leather seats. Flights on time food ok. Adria Airways has new uniforms (60 style) and the flight attendants are attentive. Web-Check-in works excellent.:::1
It is reliable and with good connections between Balkans and Western Europe. However I always find the service on the leg between Skopje and Ljubljana to be lower quality than the leg Ljubljana- Amsterdam Ljubljana - Frankfurt etc. The crew is not so friendly and helpful they always offer tuna sandwiches (assuming that because of the Muslim travelers). I insisted on a ham sandwich and never got it. Twice on the leg Ljubljana-Skopje (or vice versa). If Adria pretends to be a quality part of Star Alliance it shouldn't distinguish among the passengers which fly Skopje - Ljubljana and those flying from Ljubljana to Western Europe.:::1
LGW-LJU in Y class. Adria Airways now offer check in on line so it was straight to security which was great. Boarding quick and efficient. Plane downgraded from CRJ9 to CRJ2 but emergency exit seat reservation honoured. Waited on the stand for 30 minutes with no communication from the flight deck. Service was nice with sandwiches hot and cold drinks. Cabin crew were quite robotic seems that pursers are trained not to smile under any circumstances. If crew would have been bit more cheerful and communication from the flight deck bit better it would have been 4*.:::0
London to Tirana via Ljubljana Economy Class. 30 minutes late on first leg due to air traffic restrictions at Gatwick but Adria held the connecting flight for us even though there were only a handful of people transferring from the London flight. The food was adequate on both legs and the crew were friendly. All in all a perfectly acceptable journey and I would fly Adria again.:::0
Ljublijana-Amsterdam. A great little airline. Although the CRJ-200 is a little cramped the service was good with a proper meal adequate refreshments and competent cabin crew. Their inflight magazine is in English and Slovenian and has an interesting mix of articles and company information. Same can't be said about Brnk international airport however! This airport needs a 'spruce up' to say the least.:::0
FRA-VIE-FRA on CRJ200. Cheapest option when compared to Lufthansa and Austrian plying this short 1.5 hour flight. Small plane meant a long bus ride to remote stand position. Larger carry-on bags had to be deposited in a trolley parked next to the plane. Aircraft spotless but leather seats showing their age - quite saggy in the squab. Service consisted of a choice of crusty cheese or ham roll followed by drinks tea & coffee. FAs smiling. The return was similarly uneventful but again a long bus ride at FRA. Luggage claim was quick.:::0
BRU-LJU-BRU. Outward flight on a CRJ200 very nice - comfortable excellent service and a good breakfast. Return flight on a 737 leased from Ukrainian airlines was also reasonable despite the limited legroom. Earning Star Alliance points also a plus - would recommend.:::0
I often fly with Adria (50 flights per year). Since Adria is member of Star Alliance there are pretty good connections to the most destinations in Europe. The onboard service is good staff quiet nice. Home base airport in Ljubljana has been upgraded and is getting more international. The business lounge is not on the level it should be - old furniture bad food choice dark. The 3 stars that have been given to Adria are correct.:::0
LGW-LJU-LGW on an older but clean A320. Outwards in 7A with plenty of legroom return in 12F with adequate legroom but need to be careful as the plastic shell on the bottom of the seat in front had started to crack with some sharp edges. Cheese roll served outbound and a jam filled croissant on the return - better than nothing but room for improvement. Coffee and soft drinks free but only one round early in the flight. Very pleasant crew on both sectors. Only gripe was baggage collection at LJU - three flights on one carousel and they seemed to unload baggage in batches from each flight turn about which caused chaos. The second carousel sat unused for the first 40 minutes waiting!:::0
Frankfurt-Ljubljana-Munich in business class: the first flight was on a B737 in the colours of Ukraine International and that plane's interior was substandard while the second flight was on a new CRJ. Both flights on time and without glitch. The service is friendly but meals should be improved. Overall they gave the impression of being a pleasant short haul airline.:::0
Zurich-Ljubljana return. About 2 hours+ journey. Both sector uses the Bombardier Regional Jet CRJ200. Small plane but the 2-3 crews on both sectors were friendly and the service efficient. Seats were comfortable and the planes in good clean conditions. Light meals were served - generally a roll here or a pie there plus drinks. The inflight magazine is surprisingly rich with information on Slovenian culture and way of life and is one of the best I have read. You board the planes on the tarmac via buses from the gates though and not through connecting bridges.:::0
Flight to Larnaca was a joy. Generous legroom, nice meals and a fantastic range of drinks to choose from. Crew was attentive and it is nice that Aegean leave the cockpit door open during boarding..:::1
LGW-LJU return. Outbound was on A320 seated towards the front of Y-class on a very empty flight. The crew were friendly enough and served a ham or cheese roll and round of drinks. LJU airport was easy to use and out within minutes. The coach ride into town goes through some nice Slovenian countryside. Return was on a B737-500 flight was full and had a middle seat but exit row (9E) seat pitch was great. Again right after take off was served with a cream pie desert and drinks. Crew were again friendly and another smooth flight that landed about 15mins ahead of schedule.:::0
LGW-LJU-LGW last week overall impressed with standard of service on A320. The food in economy was very basic but I didn't expect any! Drinks free. Was allocated row 11 (emergency exit) with out asking she said your very tall(6'4) I will give you some more leg room! Only minor complaint was the seat base comfort it was rock hard like sitting on a wood bench. On the return the seat in row 25 was little better they seem to have cut back on the foam. Crew were excellent a nice airline all in all.:::0
DUB-NAP. Was expecting very poor standards of both safety and comfort from this airline but was surprised. Flight at 5.00 am and the FA's were refreshed and alert. Pre flight safety procedures were clear and as high a standard as any other 3 star airline. The seats were quite hard and leg room was limited but the flight was made pleasant by friendly FA's. In flight catering was poor considering it was a four hour flight. We were handed almost frozen sandwiches and a juice box. Baggage collection was mayhem. All in all the flight was fair and would fly Adria again - but the airline does not compare to other 3 star airlines such as Aer Lingus and KLM.:::0
Frankfurt to Vienna and was quite satisfied. I was surprised when the flight attendant started giving out meals as I did not expect to be fed at all on such a short flight of only 55 minutes. It was perhaps a bit cramped on board the Canadair Regional Jet though I wouldn't complain about it. Crew was overall quite friendly and efficient.:::0
Flight on time, row 1 - Friendly staff and very attentive, tasting 3 course meal and wines. Only complaint, please change the welcome and inflight “sparkling Greek wine” to real champagne. Star Alliance priority bags arrived promptly at baggage carousel Heathrow.:::1
Very good flight with Aegean. The boarding was quickly and the crew very . During the flight, we had no entertainment (no films, no flight info). The food was an olive bread with a free no-alcoholic beverage (the first was free). Very smooth landing at Heraklion.:::1
Flew to Ljubljana from Gatwick. Plane was a new Canadair Regional Jet small (40 seats) but good leg room and comfortable. Both cabin crew were friendly. Food was just a cheese or ham roll but fine for a 1 hr 40 minute flight. And Adria were one of the only airlines leaving Gatwick that evening not to be delayed. Return flight was an A320 full comfortable and good service once again. Would recommend Adria again and worth paying the extra 20quid over Easyjet for flying from Gatwick and not having to pay for food or drink.:::0
Round trip LGW - LJU in Economy Class both legs on an A320. Service pretty friendly planes clean & well-maintained flights on time. Food on each leg (outbound mid-morning return early morning) was a simple processed cheese roll though for a two-hour flight the food is probably not the most important aspect of the journey. All-in-all a pretty reasonable experience with no major complaints.:::0
I have used their VIE-FRA-VIE service several times. All flights were on time the atmosphere on board (CRJ) fine service is friendly although their snack and drinks are not outstanding. But for a flight of 1 hour what should it be? Codesharing with LH enables to collect miles though they dont count for status.:::0
Flew march 12/14 on JP from ZRH-LJU-ZRH. The flights were on time the flight attendants nice and helpful. The sandwich has got an upgrade and is now equal to LH. A Minus point was that they were handing out only Apple Juices - if you wanted to have wine or other drinks you had to ask specifically for it. This gives me kind of a cheap impression as it seems to the passenger that they wanted to hide it from them. The wine they served was below industry standards and not what a wine country like Slovenia should serve its guests on their trip to the country. I absolutely agree that on such short legs there is no necessity of any food/drinks however either this is clearly defined in the service guide of the airline or then crews should adhere to their service guidelines.:::0
Brand new A320, interior spotless. Crew immaculately groomed and attentive. Flight was on time. I was impressed with my first experience of Aegean.:::1
I booked a premium economy ticket so I can have a suitcase and one piece of baggage. That cost ~30Euros more than the Go Light fare. Suddently as we were waiting for the boarding to start, the airline representatives announced that every person who has the Cheapest fare, can put his baggage in the compartment with no charge. I find no reason to pay extra money and being fooled with this policy. All the other provided services were far above medium, approaching excellence. I will fly again with Aegean but the ticket policy needs serious reconsideration:::1
2 flights - HER to ATH (short 50 minutes) and ATH to MXP. Both went well and flights were on time. Unexpected snacks and drinks on flight. Breakfast on MXP flight. Fast check-in, friendly cabin staff and quick baggage claim.:::1
Round trip LGW - LJU in Business Class. Check-in staff at LGW very efficient and friendly. A320 clean and staff most helpful. Food and Wine need improvement. Flights all on time and overall a pleasant experience.:::0
In July 2003 I flew London (Gatwick)-Ljubljana-Skopje return in Business Class. Overall I was quite impressed. All flights departed and arrived on time and the onboard service was efficient and reasonably friendly. Hot meals were served on all flights although the quality of these varied from disgusting to just OK. All drinks were complimentary. The aircraft (A320 and CRJ) were modern and spotlessly clean. Business Class seating is identical to economy with a moveable curtain. Transiting at Ljubljana was painless although it is a very small airport and the Business Class lounge is nothing special. I would happily fly with them again although they do need to improve the quality of their meals.:::0
I have just returned from a long weekend in Ljubljana flying on Adria from London Gatwick. The outbound flight was ok (food portions were a bit stingy given the 2 hour 20 minute flight time) and we arrived early into Ljubljana. Beware about arriving on a Saturday - the coach to the city centre are few and far between. I ended up taking a taxi which cost me 6500 SIT (about UKP 20) whereas the bus was 600 SIT (1.40). On the return flight Adria cancelled the flight for 'technical reasons'. Judging by the low number of people that went to the passenger service counter I think the reason for cancellation may have been more economic than technical. I was rerouted via Munich which added over an hour and a half to the journey and we flew into Heathrow (with BA) instead of Gatwick which left me with a useless train ticket and no way of getting home. The flight to Munich with Adria was good and an edible snack was served with apple juice. Despite the problems with the return journey Adria seems to be a reasonable airline and is an ok (if not the only) choice to get to this country.:::0
I have flown Adria recently on a LH code share from Munich to Ljubjana and return. In both cases the plane was a brand new CRJ. Both flights were really smooth and the crews really efficient and helpful. Pilots kept us informed about everything during both flights. It was sunset and dusk and the flight over the alps was absolutely scenic. Despite the narrow cabin of the CRJ the pitch is quite generous and the leather seats comfortable. Both flights lasted 45 minutes and from MUC to LJU I travelled tourist class. Normally in short flights there isnt time for much than a drink. We receive an apple juice a cheese and salad sandwich plus coffee and tea. The LJU-MUC and due to an overbooking was on business. We were offered an orange juice prior to departure and then a tasty breakfast consisting in bacon and scramble eggs fruit salad a croissant and coffe and tea. Superb for such a short segment. Not being a prime choice its an airline which is pleasant to flight.:::0
Managed to get my rather large luggage quickly. First flight was on time, the A321 was clean and the Flight hosts were pleasant and friendly. Hot food was served and had an overall pleasant flight. Seats were comfortable enough, they seemed to be the same as the one Lufthansa originally put on their planes and I guess everyone went with them. Arriving in Athens there was a delay of half an hour due to congested skies as its the summer peak time. Boarded on time again a friendly staff with a good plane. They are a great choice.:::1
I recently flew to Mykonos through Athens and must say it was a very pleasant experience. The Zurich - Athens - Zurich legs were in Business class, to which I was upgraded for free being a Gold Member of their program Miles and Bonus. During the inbound flight I was served a 4 course menu, with 2 choices for the main course, with excellent wines, return flight was in the morning, so breakfast with 2 choices of eggs (scrambled and omelette), fresh fruit platter, greek yoghourt and bread. Responsible for the Business class section was every time the Maitre de cabine, who was very attentive and kind. Flights were on time (ish) and transfer in Athens was easy and smooth, even though inbound luggage could not be through-checked because of the lack of customs in Mykonos Airport (it was on return though). Only slight downside was check-in at Mykonos at 6 am, with only 2 counters open and queue moving very slowly, taking me 20 minutes to check-in my suitcase. But I guess that's more a matter of the airport than the airline.:::1
We flew on flights 4441 and 4440 on 22nd June and 29th June. Both flights were excellent, smooth, cabin staff immaculately dressed and professional. I would use this airline again. Perhaps a free snack like a sandwich or crackers and cheese would enhance the experience.:::1
I am always impressed with the pleasant attitude, responsive service and  warmth of cabin crew. The ground service is good, and the food is on the good side. On the other hand, most of their planes are starting to show their age and sometimes the seats are really worn out.:::1
A good flight, on time. Flight attendants were pleasant and friendy. Was traveing with my partner, we got bored halfway through the flight as there is no inflight entertainment system. Hot food was served, overall a positive experience.:::1
We flew Heathrow-Athens return and Athens-Santorini. The entire experience was very good. We were a bit delayed on our return flight to Heathrow and were continually updated on progress. The seats were comfortable and not tight. A hot meal was served in flight - no fee and a beverage was even included. This was on a three hour flight - a really nice touch. Unfortunately, my gluten free meal which had been ordered was not on board but the flight attendant provided a very nice salad and a sincere apology. All in all, we had a very enjoyable flight each time.:::1
Very good flight, nice to be offered a hot meal on the ARN-ATH leg with complimentary drinks (two rounds), nice and rather spacious seats and legroom on the ARN-ATH leg, On the ATH-JTK / JTK-ATH Leg they used a A321 with cramped max tight config so almost no legroom, but it is a very short flight so it was ok, only a small snack, no drinks but I dont think they would have time to serve on this short flight. ATH-ARN was again great legroom and also served a hot breakfast. For what we pay it is great value, far better than many other competing airlines, the planes are also new and clean. Only drawback is that there is no entertainment provided on the 3 hr flight, why not show a movie?:::1
Return LHR-ATH.  Clean, plane seemed quite new.  Staff are friendly and multi-lingual (at least 3 languages on top of Greek).  Food is well above average and so is legroom.  But bring a book or some entertainment - no in-flight entertainment on this 3.5 hour flight.  But overall, I was very impressed. Would happily fly with them again and recommend to friends.:::1
Multiple trip with AE between SKG-FRA and MUC. Aircraft's were always clean service was fine food above average and quite good compared to other regular European airlines and the staff was always courteous and friendly. There were only couple times out of the last maybe 30 round trips the flight was delayed and that happened summertime when the European skies are congested. I have great respect for this airline and how nicely developed to become one of the best regional airlines of Europe.:::1
Flew from Athens to Santorini and back. Flight was an hour late leaving Athens due to congestion at Santorini return was 30 minutes late. Cabin was very clean crew friendly and impressed that a snack was offered onboard when returning to Athens. Due to turbulence when flying to Santorini the crew could not offer the inflight service so this was handed out when leaving the aircraft. Traveled with 6 month old baby and our bags got priority tags so this sped up the airport experience. Overall an excellent airline and would like to experience them on a longer journey.:::1
Athens to Corfu on Olympic Air Bombardier Dash400-8 series aircraft (A3 402). Corfu to Athens on Aegean Airbus A320 aircraft (A3 405). Excellent service very clean cabin flights on time and smiling staff.:::1
LHR-ATH return. Plenty of legroom - better than some intercontinental I have been on. Food was OK; a little on the plain side. Service was very good and superbly efficient despite both flights being at capacity but the crew could smile a little more. At least as good as BA and a step up from KLM AF or Lufthansa for regional flights - very pleasantly surprised.:::1
Traveled on 27 May from Zurich to Larnaca on business class. Check-in (mobile) fast and uncomplicated. Airline flew on time crew was very friendly and caring food and beverages were excellent. Information provided from crew was clear and continuous. Overall a very pleasant experience.:::1
Flew CPH-ATH on May 21 economy class. Nice airline that provides you a free meal and full bar service. The dinner consisted of tasty pasta with minced meat and a small biscuit for dessert and considering that you normally get zero for free these days in Europe it was very pleasant! Clean aircraft good information and attentive service will definitively fly Aegean again!:::1
Flew from Athens to Brussels. Aircraft was very clean and well maintained. Cabin crew were immaculately smartly turned out and friendly. In flight food was good quality. Pretty comfortable seats. No inflight entertainment though.:::1
Athens-Prague on 11 May. Online check-in was quick just had to get boarding passes and to drop off bags at the airport. Despite having a bus gate boarding was organised very well and the flight departed ahead of schedule. The seats were quite comfortable and legroom was acceptable for this short flight. There was a small hot meal of pasta on the flight as well as a small dessert and drinks. Sweets were distributed before the main meal service. The red wine served on board was very good. Of note are the cabin crew who were very friendly and went around their work with smiles on their faces - this is rare these days with most airlines. The entertainment consisted of short videos on Greek island destinations and was ok though there was no audio available. Arrival into Prague on time and bags were processed within 15 minutes after leaving the aircraft. All in all Aegean is a hidden gem of an airline - I had a very good experience with Aegean and I would be glad to fly them again when I can.:::1
Flew Istanbul to Athens for a connection to Santorini. Flights were all on time and the crew were great. They were short flights so no inflight entertainment and only a drink which was all that was needed. On our landing in Santorini we did a "go around". About 50feet from a touchdown the pilot powered up and off we went. The pilot came on the PA and advised us of a change in wind direction and all was good. First time for me and very exciting. Great that the pilot kept us up to date and well informed. Quick boarding and the bags were on the conveyer within minutes of us waiting for them.:::1
ATH-BRU (March 2015). The flight was as it should be very friendly and helpful crew the flight was on time despite the fact was almost full. The breakfast was quite good in quantity with the only handicap the taste of the Greek 'tyropita' wasn't so equally tasty as a traditional cheese pie. Thoroughly clean and new aircraft. I will fly with them definitely next time.:::1
A3 930 Athens to Cairo. Service bland and erratic uncomfortable thin seats food inedible and in minuscule quantities. Gate agent checking my visa requirements for 15 minutes. A real disappointment.:::0
TXL-ATH-CHQ (Chania Crete) and return in March 2014. New slim line seats with hard seatback and short cushion that doesn't properly support thighs so you are forced to sit in a very unnatural and cramped position. The further back on the plane the smaller legroom gets i.e. new seats + seat in the back = nightmare while older seats in front of the cabin are very comfortable. Apart from that pleasant flights with good service hot pasta meal on TXL-ATH small though but at least one of the few remaining airlines to serve warm meals on intra- european flights. Even on the short ATH-CHQ hop they serve drinks and a cake. As they charge extra fees for every checked bag people carrying incredible amounts of luggage into the cabin making boarding a bit chaotic. Cabin baggage restrictions should be enforced.:::1
Heathrow to Thessaloniki via Athens. Stress free check in at the new Terminal Two at Heathrow. Comfortable flight with adequate inflight hospitality with very friendly crew on all flights. Baggage checked through to our final destination and seamless transfer of flights in Athens. Clean and new Airbus A321/320 on all flights. Excellent experience would definitely fly them again.:::1
EI134 (06 July 15) and EI135 (27 July 15) were Omni Air International 767's with non-Irish crew. In-flight entertainment was startlingly bad in first class on EI134 (chunky hand-held viewers with three or four tepid films) and non-existent on EI135 (even fewer films and shows repeated on tiny seat-back screens hourly, as in the 1990's). There was no in-flight wi-fi, so good thing I brought a book. First class inflight meal (EI134) was good, but first selection (beef) was unavailable. Inflight meal on EI135 was positively inedible except for the roll - not even dressing for the salad. First choice of meals on EI135 (chicken) was unavailable again. Second choice was tentatively identified as "beef". This was a shabby performance by Aer Lingus and I have come to expect much better.:::0
TLV-SKG with stop in LAR (Laranca) SKG-TLV with stop in ATH 17/3  TLV-LAR leg Airbus 320-200 with excellent leg room no refreshments no entertainment (short flight) on time very efficient crew. 17/3 LAR-SKG on time Airbus 320-200 small leg room hard seats not comfortable very poor meal. 19/3 SGK-ATH on time Airbus 320-200 small leg room hard seats  not comfortable no entertainment (short flight). 19/3 ATH-TLV. Small delay Airbus 320 with excellent leg room very poor meal efficient crew. Clean aircraft's on all flights.:::1
I flew 2 times this month from Zurich to Athens and back and I must say that I'm really glad this airline has included Switzerland to its destinations. I always left and arrived on time the crew was very friendly and professional and I found the inflight magazine interesting to read. Aegean definitely is one of my favourite airlines.:::1
Athens to Abu Dhabi Business. Business class is a waste of money. There is the middle seat which is not available thus giving more room to the other 2 side passengers. No comfort seats no video system no amenities no nothing. Food was just ok stuff was kind and helpful. My advice: Beware of Aegean flights out of Europe as these are just seasonal. If they find that they have many empty seats left they will cancel the flight. I should fly Etihad economy. Its cheaper than Aegean business more reliable and has the same amenities except food.:::0
Travelled with my 2 sons ages 4 and 7. Had ordered 2 children's meals and found out at service their meals weren't on board. Due to being delayed my son's went 8 hours without a meal and I had to feed them chocolate throughout the flight. Also the inflight entertainment did not show one children's movie. Awful customer service, they won't let me talk to a manager or Senior member of staff and have forced a travel voucher upon me I did not wish to accept.:::0
Arrived somewhat early for the flight and had to wait an hour for check-in to open as the queue continued to grow. However, check-in staff were friendly and quickly got through the line. A full flight so boarding was a tad chaotic moreso due to passengers not obeying the gate announcements. The flight closed up 25 mins after scheduled takeoff time (8.35pm) and consequently the pilot informed us we missed our slot and could not be airborne until 9.50pm Luckily, the situation improved and we took off at 9.30pm arriving in Dublin only 15 mins behind schedule. The senior cabin manager was delightful, accommodating and always smiling. Nice flight, efficient inflight service, cockpit updates and baggage delivered very quickly upon arrival. All in all a very good experience despite the initial delays.:::1
Was delayed in Dublin, flight cancelled to Jersey in the end, but put in marvellous hotel, provided 3 course meal and prompt transport back to airport in the morning. Greatful thanks to Aer Lingus and taxi service they provided.:::1
I booked to Abu Dhabi Business. One month before departure they informed me that my returned flight was canceled because Aegean had canceled all Abu Dhabi flights after November. I asked for a replacement ticket with their partner Etihad but they told me they can't do that. So they gave me some money back and made me buy another return ticket for 300 euros. The business class has little to do with business class. Apart from the food it looks like economy class. The only difference is that there is a reclined table at the middle seat shared by the two side passengers. No personal entertainment system either just newspapers. I have noticed that many routes are operated by Aegean only seasonally so beware they may cancel your flight anytime if they see that they have not many reservations. Overall definitely a budget airline nothing more.:::0
I flew to Heraklion and Aantorini from Athens in February. Seats are fine with decent leg room unfortunately there's no proper inflight entertainment on the flight. The service carried out by the cabin crew are professional and efficient. My return flight from Heraklion was delayed due to some technical difficulties. But we still managed to arrive in Athens on time. My flight to Santorini was short so they couldn't really carry out the full service but they still manage to give us cookies and fresheners. I would definitely take Aegean again on my next journey to Greece.:::1
Traveled on February 20th from Athens to Larnaca on Flight A3-908. I must say that the professionalism of the cabin crew was excellent. Although the flight was very short the cabin crew were smiling warm hearted to everyone and even at a time when they had to deal with a passenger that was demanding for more and more alcohol the cabin crew dealt with it with professionalism defusing the situation without embarrassing the passenger. I would definitely choose Aegean again for my trips.:::1
LHR-ATH-CHQ Return 13th February 2015 - 21st February 2015. I got the 22.15 flight from Heathrow to Athens on the 13th and then the 09.15 flight to Chania on the 14th. At Heathrow the flight was over-subscribed so they were offering people a large sum of money a night in a hotel and the flight the following day - I wish they would have asked me! Then they were asking people to (voluntarily) check their hand luggage into the hold - so I offered because of the long wait I had at ATH! The flight was smooth the hot meal was served early on into the flight and we landed slightly early. The only criticisms I have is that the seats are a little hard and the cabin was stiflingly hot and very bright! Great to have a free meal though. On arrival at Athens at 03.40 I collected my hand luggage and checked into an airport lounge before my flight to Chania - which was well worth the £20! Flight to Chania was a bit poorly organised but landed on time. Return flights were also very good and a mercifully shorter stop over in Athens!:::1
I had a connection in Dublin for 2 hours, which stresses me out the most. During the JFK-DUB leg, the crew was the most hospitable crew I have met. My seat was broken, making me recline without pressing the button, and the IFE had a pretty poor choice of movies, but other than that, Aer Lingus left me with an impression. Dublin Airport is clean, and when I was there for the connection, we were the only outbound flight, so the terminal was empty. Would fly with Aer Lingus again, especially with their incredible prices.:::1
I was positively surprised when I recently in July 2015 flew with a friend from London Heathrow to Belfast City Airport and back again. I booked tickets several weeks in advance and got a good value flight. The website was clear with what one needed to pay extra. With the flight only an hour, I didn't want to pay extra for premium economy seats that would've guaranteed a more comfortable flight for a tall person like me (2m). Yet, I hoped that if the flight wasn't fully booked the staff would be flexible and allow me to sit in an exit row. Years of flying have continued to confirm to me that if you want service and flexibility, go with the "legacy" airlines, as opposed to the "low-cost" ones where you have to pay for everything. Once again, I politely asked and the Aer Lingus staff happily obliged - on both trips. As such, I was very pleased for the quality I got on this short-haul flight within the UK. I've not flown Aer Lingus long-haul, so I can't comment, but based on this experience I would be ready to try Aer Lingus transatlantically if they offered a good price and connection.:::1
Flown this week and if any doubts left, clearly a low cost airline. Nothing for free not even water. Both planes in a poor condition with different seats. Even the announcements which are programmed were different which indicates to non homogated fleet. Flight attendants with poor attitude towards passengers.:::0
FRA-SKG Business class. Seat was standard European Business class seat (same as Economy class and middle seat was blocked). 3 course menu with Greek wines. They have standard coffee cappuccino espresso also. I was eating 70min of the 150 min flight! They have a only business class passengers bus between parking spots and the terminal.:::1
Writing this on behalf of my 87yr old mother who had flown to the UK on a 6 wk trip to see family. Aegean had been informed she required a wheelchair and we received confirmation it was booked both ways. From Rhodes to London they had no details regarding the chair and had to rush around looking for one. Apart from that initial problem my mother informed me everything was fine however on the day of her return Aegean decided to go on strike thankfully they messaged although it was 10 'o' clock at night. I tried desperately to get through eventually they put her on the following day again with confirmation of the wheelchair. London section was fine she tells me and the staff were quite attentive but on landing at Rhodes I waited outside and to my disgust saw my poor mother dragging a 20kg suitcase behind her carrying a coat and her handbag! Not one staff member offered to help she even had to ask a member of the public to lift her case from the conveyor belt.:::0
Our flight from Rhodes to Athens on route to Heathrow was cancelled with sufficient notice given. To fix this they got us tickets on Olympic leaving the same day just a couple of hours earlier. Flight from Athens to Heathrow was very pleasant and we arrived on time. Staff were all friendly and willing to assist even the office staff in regards to our cancelled flights were very helpful.:::1
Arrived in plenty of time for the flight only to be told it had been over-sold. I was told I must go on standby, with no option otherwise. I was assured that my baggage would be on the next flight out (4 hours later) which I caught. On arrival in Dublin sure enough, no baggage. This is hugely inconvenient as I am away on business with no change of clothes etc. The staff at the desk were overstretched, and not very helpful. I travel a lot with Aer Lingus and I have to say that their service is getting worse each time I fly.:::0
The flight attendants were very rude, and the media system was broken which didn't help an 8 hour flight. Kept asking for updates about it and the flight attendants didn't acknowledge it. They only came around with drinks once. Food was inedible, and the leg room was small even for an airplane. I've flown internationally many times before and Aer Lingus was the worst in my opinion.:::0
Athens to Larnaca economy. Early morning flight. Departing punctually serves simple breakfast. Crew friendly and efficient.:::1
MUC-SKG on 17th of Dec. One-way. New A320 with new style of seats quite uncomfortable though. Friendly and nice crew. A hot meal was served in this short flight and drinks. However passengers didn't obey at all to the new cabin baggage rules causing space problems and minor delays and the crew did nothing about it. Rules should be more strictly enforced.:::1
Flew London to Athens and then on to Ioannina and then from Ioannina to Athens and back to London. Great flight new and comfortable planes professional crew good meals and snacks. Great airline with great product. When and if I ever go to Greece again I will fly with Aegean.:::1
Very good experience. Check-in and boarding were quick and efficient. The airplane is very clean and the cabin crew were friendly and helpful. There is a good variety of food sold on the airplane.:::1
Flew from Belfast to Gatwick, the plane was oldish and not very comfortable, I felt really squashed where I was sitting. Plane took off on time and arrived a few minutes early on the other side, so no complaints there. Boarding was relatively quick and the cabin crew were personable, one passenger complained of being ill during the flight and was attended to with care and attention. A hassle free trip but they do need more space between seats on their planes, this is a national airline, not a budget one.:::1
I had a very pleasant experience flying with Aer Lingus. Although the business class is not up to par with most other airlines, it is far from bad and the service was great - Irish hospitality at its best! :::1
FCO-ATH-LCA-ATH all in business as using points. Easy check-in. Quality of meals and wine excellent for short . flights. Attentive staff -although as first two flights only 3 of us out of possible 8 to be expected. Really did run a separate bus on arrival for just 3 business class passengers at ATH and LCA.:::1
I had a flight on October 14 going from ATH to HER and back upgrading my economy ticket to business by spending some miles on the aegean miles program. I had an excellent light meal the personnel of the aircraft was gentle and smiley. The seat was the same like the economy class but it was comfortable enough.:::1
I flew on October 5th then on to Mykonos. I then flew to Athens and then to Kos. On the 16th from Kalymnos to Athens and back to Mykonos and then on 22nd Mykonos - Athens - to Irakio Crete and then from Crete back to Athens. I must say I have had some excellent flights with Aegean. All flights on time and an excellent meal from London to Athens and this being Economy. On the internal flights you were offered a soft drink and snack. Cabin crews were extremely professional and I look forward to next October. The only downside is that: 1) They did not show any films or music available on the London flight and 2) When I booked in March I could not book the November flight home because tickets were not available so BA flew me home. I knocked a point off their food and beverages as they don't serve a gin and tonic in Economy. AS I have said I look forward to flying with them next year but they have changed the flight times to Mykonos from Athens from 7 pm to 6.30 pm which makes life difficult so they might lose this customer.:::1
SFO-DUB, LHR-DUB-SFO. Ground staff excellent. On time departure. Flight staff were just going through the motions and seemed as though they couldn't care less about the passengers. Seating was tight, but bearable. Inflight entertainment was pretty good. Meals were not so good and beverage service was below standard. Had issues with passenger behind us that allowed their child to continuously kick the back of our seat. We asked the mother once of the problem yet the child continued. Asked again to please have your child stop the kicking. Third time was enough and flight crew intervened and helped settle the problem. A cookie for the kicking child and a glass of wine for us. Very odd situation but handled OK by crew. Overall the flight seemed short handed, stressed and just did not want to do their job. Return flight back was like night and day. Our baggage was well above the limit but nothing was said and they checked us in with no questions. Both flights were on time. Ground staff friendly and helpful, cabin crew were friendly, helpful and outgoing. Meals were actually tasty and there were non-stop beverage runs. The crew came across happy and willing to please the passengers. I got on the plane dreading the flight but departed with a positive attitude. Seating is tight though. I recommend Aer Lingus as an alternative airlines if you are looking for a budget alternative to flying.:::1
Excellent friendly service. Able to fly in and out of Cardiff when other flights were cancelled due to fog. Maybe more expensive than alternatives, but reliable. Preferred airline on the Cardiff-Dublin route.:::1
JFK-SNN-LHR, FCO-DUB-JFK. The first leg of this trip, JFK-SNN, was operated by Air Contractors (I actually think this was the best flight out of the 4). The Boeing 757 cabin was clean. There were pillows and blankets on each seat. The IFE was sufficient for a ~5 hour flight. There was a meal 1-1.5 hours after takeoff (Chicken or Beef). It was okay and what one would expect of an airline meal. SNN-LHR and FCO-DUB were on A320s. The planes were clean but the seats were a little bit tight. There were no IFE on both flights and they charged for food and beverage. DUB-JFK on an A330 dual aisle plane. No pillow and blanket at my seat but they had blankets available for the passengers. The IFE was again sufficient for 7 hour flight. There was a meal after takeoff and a light snack before landing. The boarding process on all 4 flights were effective and all 4 flights left on time. The flight attendants were friendly and attentive. The check in staff at FCO T1 was not but can't really fault them on that. :::1
I have travelled from Athens to Tirana every week for the past two years and I see it more as a torture rather than a journey. It all starts from the arrival in the airport where Aegean counters for Business travelers and gold miles card holders are filled with people which means at least 30’mins waiting for your check in. The return journey to Tirana is being carried out with a DE HAVILLAND 8-400 airplane with very little space for passenger seats. Aegean is allowing everyone to have more than one piece of hand luggage therefore you have to fight for an overhead space in this tiny airplane otherwise you will end up with the luggage under you tiny seat. Finally this journey costs only 260 euro (return) if you don't check in any luggage otherwise you have to add roughly 80 euro to the price.:::0
A3600 14/10/2014 Athens to London and return 22/10/2014 A3603. Me and my family have been using Aegean Airlines for years and we have always been happy with the service. I was disappointed to find out that they have stopped playing movies during flights. On my return flight from Athens to London last week there was entertainment system at all. No music no movies. I think this is the last time I will use Aegean. Very boring flight.:::0
Munich to Thessaloniki. 17/10/2014. No space to place a laptop in cabin due to people with more hand luggage than allowed. Crew not friendly and not willing to apply the rules of hand luggage per person. Food below average. Drinks warm. This wasn't the first time things where not good. Would avoid flying with Aegean again if possible.:::0
This was my third flight with Aegean in the last three years. I had pleasant experiences with my other two but wanted to reconfirm consistency before I rated this airline. Travelled LHR to ATH this time. Plane was clean and comfortable (for a 3 hour or so flight). My compliments to the staff. As in past flights they very pleasant warm and professional. Food served was as good as can be expected.:::1
Boston - Dublin May 15 flight 138 - was supposed to be an Aer Lingus aircraft but apparently several days out they had to charter a plane from Omni International - which is generally used as troop transport - that was filthy crammed to the gills with the maximum seats. There went our prepaid extra legroom seats no air controls no Aer Lingus staff no individual seat TVs nothing - it was horrible and the worst part - no prior notice. Then - coming back Aer Lingus Shannon - Boston May 31 flight 135 - supposed to be a double aisle aircraft - you guessed it - Boeing 757 - one aisle - 6 hours and no explanations. Yes I understand the airlines can substitute aircraft - but (especially on flight 138) a comparable and comfortable substitute should have been made. I was appalled (and I am a regular traveler to Ireland).:::0
Boston – Dublin. Flight EI136. Dublin – Naples. Flight EI450. I last traveled on Aer Lingus in 1977 as a child. The service was excellent and the food was great. So when I booked our trip in May 2015 to Italy through Dublin to Naples I was excited. I could not have been more disappointed. The service was terrible. There was only 1 flight attendant that gave a faint smile (and that was on all legs of the trip. A British staff member was on board for the final Dublin to Boston flight via Titan Airlines. They were a breath of fresh air and were very pleasant and actually smiled). The food was bad. The plane was pretty clean though. This was the cheapest airline I have flown on. They kept charging for everything. On the flight from Dublin to Naples they charged for every single thing even water. Not one thing was distributed for free. I could see if I paid very little for my flight but this was not a cheap rock bottom fare. Frankly I was ashamed of being Irish after I took the first leg of the trip. We were traveling with 10 other people and all agreed that they would have no interest in traveling to Ireland for a future vacation. So Aer Lingus - you might be saving a lot of money but you are obliterating anyone's desires to travel to Ireland in the future.:::0
10/5 Sunday flight Dublin to LHR. Went to book luggage in and was grabbed and asked if I wanted to be put on the earlier flight which was good. I had previously paid for a seat upfront but only got row 9 in the reorg which was odd as there were spare seats on the earlier flight. Bad news - loads of planes leaving at that time so really only gained about half an hour but hey not their fault. Usual problem though - people with too much luggage and no idea of how to stow on board. They did weigh some and grab some but I feel they need to monitor this when people get on the plane as some people really are quite selfish and clueless. Also Aer Lingus passengers take forever getting on or off a plane which actually does matter if you have trains and buses to get. However cheaper than Ryanair and quite pleasant.:::1
SKG - ATH and JMK - SKG in early August. Outbound flight was 15 minutes late. Check-in was fast on both flights clean airplanes nice FA fast baggage claim. Overall a pleasant experience.:::1
Kos-Athens-LHR on October 1st at 19.10hrs. Very professional service. The airline offered sweets on take-off small snack and drink on Kos-Athens which is just a 40 minute flight! The drinks service are repeated twice on Athens-LHR flight and the meals are adequate. Well worth £70 one way and into Heathrow! I would definitely fly them again. Seating is okay for 3 hours 30 minutes and flight seems to go fast as the cabin crew are constantly busy with the passengers. Probably a budget IFE system needs adding for a little more enjoyment!:::1
I travel with Aegean many times during the year usually I do SKG-ATH-SKG and I usually travel in business not because of the service but because I have the ability to change flights at will online and without any extra charge. During my last trip to Athens for the outbound flight they put two flights together - as a result I was not able to change flights online. Hence I had to call them up in order to change flights they inform that I had to pay an extra 65 euros if I wanted to fly in a particular flight and 20 euro if I wanted to fly with another flight. I told them that this is a business ticket and I can change whenever I want to the could not care less. Hence I have decided not to fly with them again.:::0
Havana - Cayo Coco return. A one hour flight with an old ATR42 turboprop. Seats surprisingly comfortable and we were offered a free drink plus candy onboard. Nothing special but we arrived on time.:::1
Holguin to Havana last week. Okay apart from issuing duplicate boarding cards to different passengers. Return was in a turbo prop plane which was 1 hour late and was infested by cockroaches running along the floor overhead lockers and electrical ducts. The plane was generally dirty. Obvious lack of maintenance.:::0
What a wonderful friendly airline. Flew with them Hholguin to Havana and back. Both flights only minor delays was served juice and a cake on this short internal flight safety demonstration was done.:::0
We flew Dublin to Paris on May 13th 2015. From the start we were greeted with disinterested and unfriendly staff at check in. Even though I checked in with my husband we were not seated next to each other even though the plane wasn't full. I moved myself over to sit with him before take off but why would they seat us apart? The cabin crew were miserable. Finally they rush through with the tea and coffee and snacks that you have to purchase and staff didn't even bother to ask us if we would like something. The plane itself was disgustingly dirty with drink stains spilled on the seat. The back of the seats holding the magazines was vile with what looked like a mixture of spilt drink food and mould. We will never fly Aer Lingus again.:::0
I traveled from Munich to Boston in early January 2015. The experience at Munich airport was very poor particularly the passport control line which was 45 minutes of unrestrained and uncontrolled pushing and shoving. Probably not Aer Lingus' fault but still a poor start. I had paid for a business class ticket over the internet. Did not find out until getting on the plane that the first part of the trip (Munich to Dublin) was economy as there are no business class seats on the plane. Typical economy experience. The actual business class portion of the trip (Dublin to Boston) was excellent. However the fare (which looked reasonable initially) in retrospect seemed far too high given that 3 hours of the 9 hour trip were actually not business class. I had a medical issue that caused me to book the business class ticket so I was really horrified at the unexpected 3 hours in economy which I had bought the business class ticket specifically to avoid.:::0
On a return journey to Dublin from Lanzarote (flight 779) I had fallen unwell 15 minutes post takeoff. The urge to throw-up a feeling not welcomed by most especially not at 30000+ altitude was overwhelming and a sense of unwanted panic set in. Luckily I was accompanied by my boyfriend whom along with the diligent and empathetic flight crew got me back on track for the remainder of the flight. Frequently asking if I was ok or whether I needed anything was a small but oh so grand gesture which made such a positive difference.:::1
MAD-ATH-JMK return. The only downside is that all flights departed a minimum of 30 mins late. On the good side: check in fast and easy nice clean and comfortable aircraft. Great attentive FA food served all sectors along with drinks. Baggage short on belt after arrival. Will fly them back to Greece.:::1
Traveled on Aegean twice this week ATH-HER RT and ATH-MAD. All flights on time crews were polite and professional. I fly economy everywhere and expect uncomfortable seats (they were) but while I don't like it realize that's the way economy is so if flights are on time I'm satisfied. Aegean even supplied a meal in coach for the ATH-MAD flight which no USA airline does. I would fly again with Aegean and recommend.:::1
Rome to Athens June 23 2014. Flight was on-time comfortable seat spacing nice meal friendly and attentive staff. Would fly them again.:::1
April 15th flight 108 return 26th Apr flight 105. My mother and I flew from JFK to Dublin and return. We were in economy from JFK to DUB and in Premier class on the return trip. Both were great experiences and on Aer Lingus new A330. The food was excellent in both cabins. We opted for the succulent steal ($18) in Economy and it was delicious. Crew were lovely. On return we were in the new Premier class cabin. The crew the food the service was terrific. You really could not ask for more.:::1
Sunday flight 18.00 from Dublin to Heathrow. Late boarding apparently due to inbound plane being late which is odd as it arrived on time. Then the most ridiculous shambles of boarding that took forever. If people have paid for seats then they should get on first especially as some people are greedy with hand luggage and seem incapable of stowing it correctly. Finally after a good wait I got to get on the plane to find the lady on my row had blocked an entire area by putting her case in the wrong way round! Why is this not monitored? Its about time this boarding procedure was improved upon. Its the same old story. If its a full plane supervise them and get people to board both front and back!:::1
When I arrived to Brussels airport I had pre-booked my seat a week beforehand. There was a problem with the system and my seat was given away to someone else. I asked then for a window seat and this was not given. I was seated in the centre of the plane in an aisle seat so I had no view of the scenery as we were departing and landing. The cabin crew were friendly. I had pre-booked a hot meal leek and cheddar quiche which was forgotten.:::0
Travelled with Aegean Airlines from Barcelona to Athens. Flight was delayed leaving Barcelona however still managed to arrive in Athens on time. Excellent cabin service provided by attentive and polite flight attendants. Can't complain especially with the hot meal and free alcoholic beverage provided in economy class. Wish Aegean offered long haul routes to North America!:::1
You go up. You go down. Flight is over. This 20 min flight from Athens to Mykonos on an A320 does what it needs to do get you to your destination.:::1
25/8/2014 A3 381 19.55 (L). I was checked in for 4A. It was impossible to see the screens which showed the "safety briefing'". I think the business class curtains prevented us from seeing the screen. A design problem and very important.:::1
Flew from Rome to Dublin with Aer Lingus on Friday 10th April. Very slow check-in with a huge queue. More importantly I can't understand why Aer Lingus make you check-in in Terminal Three and then make you walk the whole way back to Terminal one to board plane to Dublin - this is a long trudge from Terminal three through terminal two to terminal one. You would need a up to an hour to do this walk. (including long security check line). When you fly into Rome you go into terminal one and can exit there. When we finally got to gate the staff insisted on taking carry-on bags from some people (but not all) because the flight was full. In the end the overhead lockers were half empty but some people had a long wait for their luggage. Aer Lingus need to improve their ground facilities in Rome and move the check in desk to terminal one adjacent to the gate.:::0
From London to Dublin. The short haul flight was on time. Take-off and landing were very smooth. Cabin crew were friendly and helpful. Ground staff at Heathrow should improve their skills. She asked me to check-in my big suitcase at the boarding gate because she could not print the luggage tag for me - it was too late. I went back to the check-in counter at the time she announced. Finally I was stopped by security due to the liquid in my big suitcase. I missed the flight and I was o/b the next flight.:::1
Travelled MCO-DUB with an infant. Check in all ok at the airport but once on the plane the partner of the man seated next to me in row 2 made a huge fuss about my son (who was sitting quietly and minding his own business) being in the cabin to which the female crew member replied 'I agree but there's nothing I can do about it'. The other male crew member was 'too busy' to bring an infant lap belt once the doors had closed and I was offered neither a drink or a meal. Really poor service added to an outdated seat I wouldn't recommend Aer Lingus.:::0
Travelling from Athens to Santorini in August 2014. Flight was delayed. Not enough seats in airport lounge. No drinks provided. Only given a cookie. Travellers allowed to take extra hand luggage onto flight so there was not enough room for people who only had the one designated bag. We then had our return flight - we called the airline and asked if possible could we get on an earlier flight back to Athens if there were sears available. We were told seats were available most of the earlier flights however it would cost us euro 112 per person to catch the earlier flight. Offered us a 20% discount on a full new fare. Online price was only euro 117 to 131. We had initially purchased the two seats for euro 300. This spoilt our European vacation. We could understand a small penalty to changed however to charge a complete new ticket when there were empty seats available and there are numerous flights back and forth from Santorini to Athens.:::0
MUC-SKG A3 503 July 22. Efficient check-in use of Lufthansa Business Class lounge (chaotic). Aircraft gate at the far end of the terminal had to walk a lot. Aircraft A320 smart neat clean. Cockpit briefing rather informative. Business class cabin crew (one flying attendant dedicated to four passengers) very satisfactory polite communicative professional. Seating pitch satisfactory - mediocre width (middle seat unoccupied - turned to table). Lavatory clean. Full satisfactory hot meal (choice of main course) with a Mediterranean accent freshly brewed espresso coffee. Actually no in flight entertainment - drop down overhead TV screens with safety instructions and flight path information. Arrived on time business class passengers departed first and transported to the terminal with a dedicated bus. Baggage (Priority labelled) were the first to arrive. Aegean airlines is rightfully voted as one of Europe's top regional airlines.:::1
JIK-ATH-LHR on 11 August 2014. Return flight after week in Ikaria. Aegean flight left a few minutes late but made up time although sadly had to stack for 45 minutes at Heathrow. Excellent legroom and seat comfort. Pleasantly surprised with the quality of the meal provided and the drinks so much more than so-called cheaper airlines. Would definitely fly Aegean again. Only downside was the failure of UK Border Agency to have sufficient staff at the immigration desks at Terminal 2.:::1
Boston to Dublin on March 18 flight EI 0138 and Dublin to New York on March 30 flight EI 0105. What a bunch of cold flight attendants. I have never experienced anything like it. A smile must cost them a million or cause them a lot of pain. Maybe it's these ugly uniforms. The service is minimal with one meal on a transatlantic flight and most of the flight you could not find the flight attendants other than in the galley. I have also never experienced a flight with so many passengers with bladder problems. Of course they don't go to the airport bathrooms to them it is much nicer to go in the plane so minutes after take-off they start to go and go and go. Make sure you sit far away from the bathrooms or better yet fly a better airline.:::0
We flew from Ireland with our 9 month old baby and I was 29 weeks pregnant the staff were great we had flown to Ireland with a different carrier but because of the lack of facilities for our little one we decided to let our return trip expire and book new flights with Aer Lingus there is nothing bad I can say about this airline they make you feel comfortable and were so good with our little one we were even given a bassinet for him to sleep in. I highly recommend to anyone with small children.:::1
29 March 2015. I was booked to go YYZ-DUB yesterday. Flight was cancelled. I checked in at 3pm and left the airport at 12.15am after being added to same flight today. Checked in today at 3pm the line was packed with passengers enough for two flights. The staff checked in all but 9 of us who happened to be from yesterday's cancelled flight. A long time later they managed a flight to London Heathrow tonight with Air Canada boarding at 10.40 pm. I'm going to arrive in Heathrow at 11am and board an Aer Lingus flight for Dublin arriving at 2.45 tomorrow. I'm really not sure what to do when travel goes pear-shaped but Aer Lingus oversold the flights and nine of us unrelated and obviously not aggressive or over-assertive ended up in a horrendous nightmare. I've spent two day times in Pearson airport.:::0
Domestic flights: Athens-Kerkira (Corfu) on a A319 aircraft and Ioannina-Athens on a Bombardier DHC-8-400Q (operated by Olympic Air). Excellent service on-time performance and very polite staff.:::1
JMK-ATH-LHR. A3 377/A3 608 7 Aug 2014. Mykonos - Athens sector operated by Olympic Air Dash 800 aircraft. Clean inside and out and welcomed on board by very polite cabin crew. Only 2 Flight Attendants for a 20 minute flight. Departed on time and despite the fact that it was such a short flight a full drink service was offered with a variety of soft drinks napkins ice and a bag of peanuts and everyone was served. Upon landing in ATH the goodbye and thanks you greeting was polite with a smile. An excellent flight. 3 hour layover at Eleftherios Venizelos International Airport Athens was a breeze. Was given an invite to the Aegean Business Lounge on the A side of the departure terminal which was comfortable with the usual drinks and snacks available and regularly topped up. Nice clean lounge with a view of both runways. ATH-LHR Aegean Business. Departed ATH with 15 minute delay clean Airbus A321-200 aircraft. Good PA announcements by Purser and Captain. Comfortable leather seats with middle seat free. Drink service and peanuts after take off with hot towel service. Menu was provided with a choice of 2 hot main meals of chicken or swordfish with a delicious salmon entree and a selection of delicious Greek desserts. A good choice of wines including award winning Greek varieties plus the usual soft after dinner and a good selection of teas and coffees. Hot towel service again before landing. Landed on time. A very impressive service offered by Aegean. Have no hesitation about using them again.:::1
Flew from Rome FCO to ATH 2 hour flight but had a large selection of drinks lovely meal then tea or coffee after dinner. The staff were charming and helpful no delays at all the check in staff were informative and efficient telling us where to go with our rucksacks (apparently they're awkward shape so go in the 'oversized baggage' section). We were so efficient getting off the plane we beat our luggage to the conveyor belt. Would definitely recommend this airline to anyone.:::1
Flew back from Dublin to Orlando on a less than satisfactory airplane (previously used by Iberia Airlines). The plane was very cramped with seats very close to the seats in front the width of the seats were very narrow! My seat didn't recline at all. It was loose and broken. The staff were rude and inefficient etc.. All this hell on an 8.5 hour journey at least.:::0
I fly LGW-DUB-LGW every fortnight. The crew are always extremely friendly considering it is 06.50am and 20.50 on the return. The service is great and they always smile & welcome everyone on board unlike the other Irish airline. However one major concern from the end of March '15 the 06.50 flight will cease to operate and the first flight of the day to Dublin will be at 09.10 which is useless for those of us going to work in Dublin.:::1
Flew Dublin Boston with 3 month old two year old and husband. Having informed infant travelling and confirmed bassinet seat boarded plane to be told sorry not bassinet row after all. Plane change the previous evening and row numbering differed with new aircraft and bassinet rows were not allocated appropriately for new aircraft. We were lucky that kind passengers (with no accompanying infants) eventually gave up their bassinet row seats. Contacted Aer Lingus before the return leg of the journey to request bassinet row for the journey home - customer service response was poor in relation to the matter. When we checked in on flight home and we requested to be sat together if possible we were informed there were four children travelling in bassinet seats and my husband would have to sit in row behind me (my 3 month old) and my two year old. We were fine with this as we understood priority to be given to adults with accompanying infants but once we boarded flight it became obvious one bassinet row occupied by 2 infants (our row) and the other bassinet row given to adults with no accompanying infants. It would have made our trip home a little easier to have been seated together as anyone with children knows. We travelled from the UK to Dublin to support Irish company but we will not fly with Aer Lingus again. Previous travel for us with British Airways to US was predictable and turned out to be superior. It is a pity.:::0
LHR-ATH-LHR. Flight over very uncomfortable as it was a smaller plane than usual and absolutely no leg room. No inflight entertainment which is essential for a nervous flyer. Seating comfort was better on return trip but Aegean have ceased inflight films and replaced them with extremely repetitive tourist films and no radio/music. Very disappointing. Having flown with Aegean on this route for many years I am now reconsidering.:::0
I am a Senator Gold frequent flier with Star Alliance. I bought a ticket with Aegean to Paros. It turns out that the flight is operated by Olympic Air - not a Star Alliance member - and therefore some of my privileges do not apply. I can still have more luggage but I can not use the lounge. The Aegean representative refused to issue an invitation to the Aegean lounge since "it would cost them extra money" while I thought I had this privilege included in my ticket bought with Aegean. Nothing about reduced privileges was mentioned when I bought the ticket. Aegean did not want to do anything to accommodate the urgent need of a passenger with a Senator Gold card of Star Alliance who had to use the internet in their lounge for an emergency.:::0
Madrid - Mykonos with a change of plane in Athens we left Madrid just after midnight. The plane was new and clean the service was excellent and what a treat to have a hot meal on a European flight. On leaving the plane at Athens we were told to contact the ground staff immediately as we had a very short connection time. We did so and the ground staff sent us onto the same bus as everybody else! Luckily the airport was not busy at 5 a.m. and we easily caught the flight to Mykonos. However a good very short flight to Mykonos and Aegean cannot be blamed for the ground crew. I would happily fly with them again.:::1
Economy flight return from Dublin to New York. No complaints about either flight. Both departed on time. Arrival in New York as a 'domestic' passenger is a real bonus. Flight out was on an Airbus with a 2-4-2 configuration which was nice. Return flight was on a 757 with an Air Contractors Shannon based crew (according to the announcement). Seating was not as good but as it was less than 6hrs back not an issue. Entertainment channels were fine. Food served was perfectly acceptable.:::1
Flights FRA-DUB return. Overall a good experience with Aer Lingus. Flights were on time seat comfort ok and staff very good. Food and drinks only for purchase but prices are fair and quality is good. Had a pre-ordered Irish breakfast on my flight to Dublin which was very good. Only minus was the cleanliness at my seat on the return flight to Frankfurt my table was full of chocolate and the window was dirty too.:::1
Overall surprisingly a great experience - emphasis on the surprise. Flying Boston to Edinburgh with a layover in Dublin. Checked in online was almost immediately sent an email and text informing me my flight was delayed 40 minutes. Arrive at the airport and am continuously informed of further delays. The plane was late getting in and they flipped it as quickly as they could somehow managing to get fresh blankets and pillows in every seat although they did not have time to get fresh headsets on board before takeoff. By the time we got off the ground we were 2 hours behind schedule. Despite this we were informed that we would only be half an hour behind schedule due to favorable weather. This was not the case we were over an hour late. Upon arrival in Dublin almost everyone on the plane were given tickets for new flights since literally all of us missed our connections due to the delays. I was booked on the next flight out of Dublin (which was still a 5 hour wait) and given vouchers in 5 euro increments for breakfast as compensation for the inconvenience. Everyone with whom I spoke during the delay the confusion and the ticket transferring was absolutely a joy seriously one of the best customer service experiences I have had while flying. The food on the flight was great for airline food and in the course of a 5 hour flight we were given a beverage and snack service dinner coffee/tea and morning juice. For the price you really just can't beat it.:::1
Birmingham to Rhodes 5th July. Absolutely appalling. 12 hour delay with no update through-out the day. No explanation or apology when we eventually got on the flight. Once we were on the flight the toilets were locked at the front and we couldn't get past the air hostesses to use the toilets at the back. States in Aegan Airlines T&C of delayed flights that we are meant to get some form of contact from the airline within 7 days. 3 weeks later we still have yet to hear from them.:::0
BUD-ATH-JTR and back with a stopover. Nice surprise! Clean new aircraft (A320/A321) and the BUD-ATH sector even had a hot meal you don't see that so much today. Had to pay for my luggage in JTR agent was very polite so no problem. Will definitely not hesitate to fly them again.:::1
Flew MXP-ATH-KGS and back with Aegean in mid-May. After being used to the service quality of US flights I was pretty impressed with their service. Light meals were served on each leg of the flight the crew were friendly and though only the route map was provided as entertainment it was all I needed so I was satisfied with that as well. Would recommend this airline for people traveling to/from/within Greece.:::1
Rhodes to Birmingham Saturday 5th July. Over eleven hours late with no explanation other than 'technical problems'. It should have left after nine hours but no staff were on duty to keep us informed and a 7.30 am flight finally took off at 7.16pm. The staff were miserable and surly. No route map on the inflight and the front toilet locked on both journeys.:::0
Dublin to JFK. The pre US clearance actually makes the flights more confusing as you have to give yourself over 2 hours to clear that area then find the appropriate gate. This is NOT printed on your boarding card and the distances in this airport are lengthy. Business class desk woman was extremely rude and so were the 2 customer service desk attendees that I dealt with to change my flight. Internet has never worked on these flights for me my vegetarian requests have been missed 4 out of 5 times and the general level of Irish customer service is extremely low. They speak to you as if it is a privilege to pay them to fly with them. Do not fly with Aer Lingus if you need to ask a representative for anything. They are understaffed and the employees are not helpful in general. Fend for yourself with this cheap airline.:::0
DUB-JFK - December 2014. Third time flying Business with EI most flights are economy and this was a treat for our wedding anniversary. From Dublin - check in efficient lounge pleasant US immigration took minutes. Boarded first and welcomed with a glass of champagne. Crew chatty and attentive. Lovely meal and a few hours sleep on the near flat beds. I understand this year they will move to fully flat. Arrive in JFK as a domestic passenger so seamless to public transport or a cab. Flying back was excellent too. Slept most of the flight. Crew in good spirits but not as good as the crew out on the 17th (4pm flight). Overall top marks.:::1
SNN-BOS: I booked the flight on the Aer Lingus website and the cost was very reasonable. Check in was quick and efficient in less than 5 minutes same with security and US Immigration which is a real bonus. The flight was operated by Air Contractors for Aer Lingus 757 which is a smaller aircraft to the traditional A330 Aer lingus used to use on the route. I chose to sit in the back cabin of the aircraft as most people were sitting up at the front and the middle of the aircraft the few of us at the back had a row of three seats each. The seat pitch was fine (and mush better compared to the Qantas A380 which I was on two weeks prior). The pre order meal is well worth the extra money especially for the west bound flight it includes wine and has proper cutlery and is served on porcelain and the meal is served individually before the standard meals. In-flight entertainment was touch screen (there was no remote and the head sets is plugged into the side of the screen) with a good choice of movies: there are some new releases and a good few classic movies with the usual array of sitcoms music and the in-flight map. Crew were friendly and professional throughout the flight chatting with the passengers throughout the service. There was a small snack of a large flapjack with tea or coffee before landing. Overall a good service comfortable aircraft (despite the smaller size of the 757 there was a nice area near the aft restrooms to stretch your legs) good seat pitch (I am 6 ft) and it is well worth upgrading your meal.:::1
Flew London Heathrow - Athens and back. Aegean have introduced these hopeless self check in machines. Having already checked in online and printed our boarding passes we ignored the machines at Heathrow and went straight to the desk where the assistant refused to serve us until we had used a machine. But this would not recognise our name booking reference or passport numbers. We tried again and again until eventually another member of staff sorted it for us. Not a good start as far as we were concerned I was fuming. Returning from Athens we encountered exactly the same problems with a check in machine there. This time even an assistant failed to operate the terminal and she subsequently instructed us to join a lengthy queue. Reaching the front 15 minutes later we were told we were in the wrong queue it was the Olympic desk and not Aegean which was the next one along. Our plea that we were in the queue we had been instructed to join by a member of staff was met with no sympathy whatsoever. With us on the verge of going ballistic the person at the correct desk was thankfully sympathetic and helpful. Everything on our flights was as expected though I must comment that there was less legroom than I have ever before experienced on a plane. As a tall person (5 ft 11 in / 180 cm inside leg 33 in / 84 cm) I spent the entire flight with my knees jammed firmly either side of the seat in front of me and unable to move.:::0
Swiftair instead of Aegaen Rhodos to Zurich 5th July 2014. Instead an Aegean aircraft we had to board a nameless very old White MD 83. No announcements no apologies and a 2 hour delay! Onboard I found out that it was a Swiftair charter airline from Spain. Seat comfort very basic no magazines no monitors absolutely nothing. Very old noisy aircraft. I booked through the official homepage of Aegean and was very disappointed about this awful downgrading. Nevertheless the cabin Crew of Swiftair (except one Supervisor all Spaniards) did an acceptable job. The inbound flight ZRH to ATH was one hour late. But at least it was an Aegean aircraft. My next flights to Greece will be again on SWISS.:::0
Munich-Athens-Munich. Both flights on time very clean and comfortable Airbus A320/321 planes. Beautiful well- groomed and very nice young cabin crew only hot meals served on both flights full bar service incl very nice Greek wines. Bags delivered within 20 mins. Highly recommended.:::1
LHR-ATH leg on Aegean Airlines Flight A3601 Economy. Check in with Aegean was a breeze professional and quick. Boarding was efficient and welcomed on board by polite and attentive crew with genuine smiles. Nice to see New Airbus A321 clean outside and spotless interior. Lunch consisted of tasty Greek meatballs with potatoes which was delicious. Greek salad as starter and a nice dessert. Tea and a choice of coffees were available and the usual soft drinks. Cabin crew were very polite and pleasant helpful and offered service with a smile. A Singapore Airlines style service. Return leg ATH-LHR was just as pleasant. Found the whole Aegean experience to be very comfortable with polite attentive crew and good service throughout. Would have no hesitation in using them again.:::1
Flew DUB-SFO. Staff very attentive and polite. Booked Skydine well worth doing plentiful and tasty. Seats a little cramped. Blankets were not fresh! Return trip bathrooms a little tardy breakfast orange juice and snack dispensed with rather quickly by over enthusiastic young staff but will definitely use them again. Overall staff pleasant will use again.:::1
EI 634 1 Jan DUB-BRU. I flew with Aer Lingus for the first time on New Year's Day and found cabin is clean with very basic in-flight facilities as no drop-down video screen buy on board food and no newspapers but departed and landed on time.:::1
City break to (CDG) Paris just before Christmas. Friendly crew who handled the flight in an efficient no nonsense manner. Both legs departed and arrived in time. Approx 75% full with a mix of business leisure and Disney visitors. Buy on board food is reasonably priced and the pre-order Irish breakfast was delicious. Fare was just €100 return. Recommended.:::1
Round-trip New York-Moscow in Premium Economy was excellent. No problems with /check-in, both flights were on time, cabins were clean and seats were comfortable. The crew were pleasant and helpful, food was decent but the movies available on the AVOD were rather limited. The fare I paid was very reasonable and I think the Premium Economy service is an excellent value. All in all, I was extremely satisfied with Aeroflot and definitely would fly with them again.:::1
I flew from Barcelona to Athens and from Athens to Istanbul. I had a booking through United Airlines from Houston originally travelling through Barcelona Athens Istanbul and back to Houston. However at Barcelona Airport I was informed that I had to pay 45 Euro for my baggage for the Aegean flight to Athens. The stewardess were generally rude and spoke little English on board. I will never fly them again.:::0
ATH-FCO 2 hours flight on time. Check-in Lounge Cabin crews all friendly and smooth operation. Complementary hot meal with pasta and soft drinks small bottle Greek wine coffee/tea. Priority luggage came out first at the FCO airport.:::1
Istanbul to Athens. 1.5 hour delay is unacceptable. It was my second flight delay with Aegean in just one week. Seat space and meal very poor.:::0
EI 774/775 Dublin-Agadir-Dublin. Travelled 20 December - aircraft named the St Albert found the crew in both directions excellent. However the aircraft was old grubby and very tired looking it seems to be used on "leisure" destinations (a bit like the old charter style operations) the seat pitch is definitely narrower than their other aircraft and there was no seat pockets I'm accustomed to not having them on Ryanair and don't mind but on a 4 hour flight it's awkward. Ordered pre-order meals - they were ok I'm still not a fan of Clodagh McKennas inflight menu but it filled the gap. Unless you are in the 1st 3 rows they don't generally have much left when they come around. As I had booked wheelchair assistance for my mother I wasn't surprised that on arrival Swissport who do the handling do not have any lifts to take the passengers off the flight this is a regular occurrence at Agadir out of Aer LIngus's remit I reckon. Overall Aer Lingus is continually good.:::1
I often travel with Aer Lingus from Belfast City to Gatwick and have also flown to Portugal with them as well. The flights are always on time staff polite and very helpful. I'm not a fan of flying long or short journeys but I enjoy the experience with Aer Lingus.:::1
JFK-DUB - First time flying Aer Lingus transatlantic and being Irish was looking forward to the service having previously flown Delta BA and Air France. I have to say I was pretty disappointed. It may be a good service to those who haven't flown other airlines long haul. I found the seats cramped and uncomfortable. The PTV touchscreen was very unresponsive. They went around and gave one measly plastic cup of soft drink and advised those who wanted to "buy" wine for dinner they better do so now. Dinner arrived around an hour later (way too late as on a night flight everyone wants to get some sleep). By the time dinner came everyone had obviously finished their drinks and couldn't get another one with their dinner. The cabin crew didn't look too happy. When dinner was handed out and rubbish collected they disappeared for the rest of the flight. No water nothing. In comparison I flew Delta out and they were miles better complimentary wine with dinner (and a second and third if you wanted it). They came around with free drinks very soon after take off and dinner promptly after that. They served drinks with dinner and were very attentive throughout the rest of the flight handing out refreshments. They were also very friendly. I will not fly Aer Lingus transatlantic anymore when there are much better options. Management really need to look at what the competition are offering charging for things and being scabby on long flights is not really on in this day and age.:::1
Recently travelled to Ireland via Heathrow on ANZ then partner airline Midland to Dublin. After 2 very enjoyable weeks in Ireland travelled Dublin to Edinburgh with a party of 20 on Aer Lingus. 16 had an extra bag booked and all those were well underweight. One person had an extra bag not overweight but not booked for which the additional charge was 320 euros. This was negotiated down to 270 euros and we were advised that the charge would have been wiped had we flown into Ireland using Aer Lingus. To put the extra charge in perspective the price of a return ticket plus bag on the net that day was 119 euros. This experience detracted from our visit and does not seem a good way to engender goodwill towards the airline.:::0
I was traveling alone with my six-month old baby. The first leg from London to Moscow went smoothly. The aircraft was very comfortable and there was an option of a bassinet. I am especially thankful to a flight attendant who was extra helpful and attentive to me as she saw that I was alone with a small child. The second leg from Moscow to Bishkek was much more difficult. It was a red eye 4-hour flight. I had zero help from the crew even when locating the seat and trying to manage my cranky and tired baby, and at the same time putting the carry on bag on top. The bassinet option was only available in business class. The temperature on the plane was extremely high. It was unbearably hot for the whole duration of the flight. The crew did not offer any help whatsoever. Traveling alone with a small child is a mission in itself. But there was no sympathetic attention from that crew at all.:::0
The flight was OK and comfortable. The price was the best on the market and the service was amazing. The planes were clean and new and all of my flights were without any troubles. I would like to say thanks to Aeroflot and its staff.:::1
FCO-SVO-NRT return trip. In Rome we found out that our flight to Tokyo was cancelled - crew on the airport wasn't very helpful, but the call centre proved to be the best solution to sort us out and we had our tickets rebooked for direct flight with Alitalia to Tokyo Narita. So the 1st leg we didn't fly with Aeroflot (if not for the call centre we would be probably stranded in Rome). The return flight on A330-300 was better than we expected - 3 or 4 yrs old aircraft with a decent amount of leg space (in comparison with Alitalia it was better), pretty good IFE and really nice food - sushi and seafood pasta which I can say was probably the best onboard meals I've ever had. SVO-FCO in A320 was also nice, good Recaro blue seats and again pretty good meals. Service wasn't smiling a lot, but was attentive and my and my group really enjoyed the flights. All in all Aeroflot exceeded expectations! would definitely recommend it (except for the airport staff in Rome which wasn't helpful at all with rebooking the ticket!).:::1
I flew from Geneva to Athens in May 2014. Crew were very polite and welcoming the service was excellent for the price. I was surprised to have a full meal and to receive an alcoholic drink for free for such a low ticket price. I flew back with a low cost airline from Thessaloniki…the ticket was more expensive and of course nothing was offered to eat or drink. I was also surprised to see how fast and easy it is to upgrade in their miles and bonus program. I have already booked my next flight with them.:::1
Athens - Brussels - Athens. Nice service friendly staff clean and comfortable seats. Good food on time.:::1
LHR-ATH-RHO return. First time with Aegean. Extremely pleasant and professional staff excellent planes and comfortable seating. Not cheap but excellent airline.:::1
The best idea if you have to fly with them is not to understand Greek: then you will not understand the check-in staff talking amongst themselves! Also you will not understand the stewardess instructing another on the safety procedures and features of the plane ("no this is the call button it does not sound an alarm"). On the LHR-ATH flight they failed to carry out basic safety procedures like drawing back partitions and ensuring all seat belts were fastened. On the ATH-LHR leg I was informed that I had to pay an extra 45 euro for the same bag that was included in the outward ticket!:::0
First time Aer Lingus trip. SFO to DUB (and back this is a review of both trips). Ticket was over 1000USD so I was very surprised that drinks and snacks were not free except soft drinks and a tiny bag of pretzels. I have never experienced this on an international flight before. Food was pretty bad mostly tasteless slop for the main meal and an insulting muffin and coffee/tea for "afternoon tea" which was literally thrown at some people. We could watch movies/TV free but the headset quality was atrocious we couldn't hear clearly (same for announcements which could be a safety hazard). I switched to my own headset so I can confirm that this was an airline problem. Attendants were inattentive - on the night time outbound trip they disappeared so no water could be had overnight (there was no-one at the back of the plane). They were also curt and unsmiling - except when I tried to board when they stopped the passengers immediately ahead of me and went into a whole "Irish" routine which went on for a while. The waiting masses were rolling their eyes at this. The seat-belt sign was on the whole trip so in the end we just ignored it. All in all I will try to avoid Aer Lingus from now on.:::0
Glasgow to Dublin on Friday returned Sunday. Booked and paid for seats at the front of the plane only to find that the only exit is at the back. Not a major issue but annoying plus a complete waste of money on what was already an expensive flight. Delay on way back as gate was late opening all kept waiting at gate in absolutely freezing conditions. Cabin staff on way out were very friendly and gave lots of great advice on shopping in Dublin.:::1
LHR-DUB-LGW was pretty good both ways with the outbound being delayed and inbound arriving early. Flight staff were always very nice and welcoming. Since this was a short flight the low-cost carrier side of the airline revealed itself quite a bit. Didn't experience any problems and would definitely fly with them again.:::1
Delhi to Helsinki via Moscow.The flight took off 3 hours late from Delhi and no reason given, with the result I missed my connecting flight Moscow to Helsinki. The staff of Aeroflot in Moscow were not helpful and just gave a boarding pass for a flight departing at 6.40 in the evening and reaching Helsinki by 9.00 PM.  It was 11.00 PM by the time I reached Lahti and a large taxi fare because of the delay. Their customer redressal is poor.:::0
Amsterdam-Moscow delayed due to special needs passengers leaving the plane in Amsterdam. Seats on the Airbus 321-200 are still real business class seats (not the common KLM-BA-Lufthansa nonsense 3-economy seats/ 2-persons space). Service is good, lunch is good (even special vegetarian meal), entertainment system is available and with a large choice. And the Russian hospitality is smiling and attentive to the guests. Had a good time on the first part of my trip. Changed planes in Moscow. Priority lane works well if the connecting flight is with Aeroflot. Moscow-Ulan Bator left on time. Seats on the Boeing 737-800 are only to be used for short distances, less than 4 hours. Mine was a medium haul flight of 6 hours. A night flight with chairs not to be used for sleeping. No real business class flat bed seat on these planes. A great pity. The service is good, dinner/breakfast is good (even the special meal for a vegetarian), entertainment system is available and with a large choice . And the Russian hospitality was once more smiling and attentive to the guests. The seats on the second flight let them down. The rest was a good experience.:::1
The service was great. There was enough food and it was tasty (2 full meals and snacks and drinks whenever you want). Takeoff and landing were great. Cabin crew was pleasant in general. There were some bad aspects of the flight, such as very slow entertainment system, big delay for more than 3 hours. In general the flight was good except the delay in Vladivostok airport.:::1
Adding a 25% extra luggage fee to the already expensive ticket is outrageous. We traveled each with 16Kg normal luggage from Brussels to Greece and back. We carried small back packs as hand luggage. Before we were allowed to check in we were charged 45 euros for each suit case. One would think that charging 190 euros (going and back) extra for luggage is obscenely greedy.:::0
A321 and A320 Kos - Athens / Athens - Vienna May 3 2014. Nice service friendly staff clean and comfortable seats. Simple and useful online check-in.:::1
Dublin to Paris CDG return. I paid for a flexible ticket which costs more than twice the ordinary fare. By right this should be equivalent to business class fare. However Aer Lingus operates an economy only seating on this route. It used to include 2 checked bangs of 20 kgs each. Not anymore as you only get one 20kg bag now. With this fare you get lounge access but you still have to purchase food and drinks on the plane. Outbound flight was largely ok. On the return trip I was very annoyed to discover that the overhead bin was full and as I was on seat 1C there was no front seat I could put my small carry on luggage under. Eventually the stewardess managed to squeeze it in an overhead bin above the seat behind. I find this unacceptable as obviously no proper checks were carried out allowing people to carry disproportionately more stuff on board and thus depriving others from getting their fare share of space. It irritated me even more that I had paid over the odds to discover that there was no space for my small carry on luggage above my seat. I have to agree with strict policies regarding carry on luggage as is with Ryanair. I guess I will still continue flying Aer Lingus as there are not too many options on this route but Aer Lingus should probably have a small business class cabin so that those who pay more get that bit more for the extra they fork out for their ticket. Alas I am unlikely to see this in my lifetime. In summary I think the worst thing an airline can do is combining a low cost approach while still charging extra for which you don't get much more. If Aer Lingus wants to be a real low cost airline that's fine but don't charge more and give nothing much in return.:::0
I recently flew Aer Lingus from Malaga to Dublin and then on to San Francisco again with Aer Lingus from Dublin the following day. I have never flown with Aer Lingus before but cannot fault either the flights or their customer service. We booked the enhanced meals on our return flights from Dublin to San Francisco and my only comment would be that although the outgoing meals were superb the incoming meals appeared to have been a little overcooked. Without exception all flights left on time and arrived early.:::1
Flew EI111. Service I will admit was bad. I fly maybe 4 times a year with Aer Lingus on its European network and some people need to remember that we sadly have left the era of luxury air travel like the Great Swissair. Even flag carriers now have to cut costs. What you pay for on Aer Lingus is very cheap for the service compared to another low cost Irish airline.:::1
Really an excellent new premium economy product. Almost as wide a seat as business class without the full recline. I have an allergy problem and they ran out of the meal option in premium economy that I could eat, so the attendants gave me a meal from business class. The service in premium economy was really what I would have expected in business class, constantly serving drinks and providing service. Amazing value for the money. Brand new in-flight entertainment system on the B777-300ER, same day / night destination time zone synchronization lighting (i.e. blue during the day time at destination) as is found on the new Boeing 787. Bath rooms had extra amenities, wet wipes, deodorants, and hand towels. Beyond my expectations for Premium Economy (which they reffer to as comfort class).:::1
Our nonstop flight from LED to SXF was cancelled some weeks before travel and we were re-booked on a flight via SVO which meant approximately twice the original flight time, but we had no problem getting to know a new airport. The flight from LED to SVO had a delay and although we were told that the connecting flight would wait for us as (because of the re-booking) there would be a large group of SXF passengers on board, it did not. But directly upon entering SVO airport a SU representative would hand out pre-printed new boarding passes and a beverage voucher, so no need to go to a transfer desk. I found that quite professional. The aircraft used were in very good shape and we found seats and legroom far superior to most western airlines. Crews were dressed in very attractive uniforms and were quite fluent in English. Alcoholic drinks and a sandwich (even a pre-ordered vegetarian one for my companion) were offered - basic, but hey, that's the way it is nowadays. Small downpoint: the very interestingly looking in-flight magazine was almost exclusively in Russian language. The transfer in SVO (as well as entering Russia in LED) was quick and smooth (performed by traditionally grumpy staff, though). The sparkling airports in LED and SVO but Berlin's SXF trashy airport to shame. We were quite impressed by SU and would not hesitate to use them again, especially when they offer a decent rate to Asia in their new Premium Economy.:::1
Excellent service, much better than expected. The Delhi-Moscow journey was good except for the IFE, the Moscow-New York leg was excellent. The meal served was excellent and the seats were pretty comfortable. The Moscow airport connection was a bit confusing.:::1
First flight with Aegean Airlines and found it all very relaxing. The staff were friendly and helpful and tried to give the personal touch. From the moment we checked our bags in we found them to be really helpful. I was very nervous about the stay over and catching the next flight from ATH to RHO but they really reassured me and made sure I felt happy. On arrival in ATH they made the change of flight very stress free. Definitely use them again. So much different to Ryanair who were dreadful.:::1
I had a reward booking with them from ATH to LHR and on a separate ticket I had a paid ticket from CHQ to ATH. They had it as valid connection the CHQ-ATH at 17.25 arriving in ATH at 18.10 and then 19.10 - 21.00 onwards to LHR. The feeder flight got delayed by an hour resulting to almost lose the connecting flight. Upon boarding I inform the crew but they were indifferent. Finally I did manage to catch my connecting flight only because there were others delayed as well.:::0
I was booked on an evening flight from Santorini to Athens but arrived very late and after closure of the check-in desk. I expected the worst that is to be refused boarding but I was so impressed that the Aegean staff agreed to check me in opened the check-in desk and helped me to join the other boarding passengers very efficiently. Full marks for flexibility without compromising security or delaying the flight and that extra effort made such a difference and saved me from a nightmarish situation of cancelled onward flights and hotel. The flight itself was also very stress-free and the hostesses were polite and friendly. Very nice airline.:::1
We travelled Newcastle-Dublin-Chicago early October and chose Aer Lingus because of the option to do Immigration in Dublin. What a disappointment. At US Immigration in Dublin we were handed Customs Forms. The guy handing them out had no idea what they were for or who had to fill them in. The Immigration process however was fairly straightforward and much quicker than we've experienced in the US. Once on board what a disappointment. We waited almost two hours before the flight attendants came around with the drinks trolley. They only came around once in an eight hour flight. And we had to pay for the drinks. This is the first time we've had to do this on a Transatlantic flight. They never came around with complimentary water or juice. I asked the attendant for some water which she brought to me but when the lady in front asked for water she was told they'd stopped serving drinks!! Lunch was pretty grim and afternoon tea was a flapjack - pretty hard to swallow when you're thirsty! On a positive note when we landed in Chicago we collected our luggage and were on our way pretty quickly. The return overnight flight was no better then our flight from Dublin to Newcastle was delayed because of an incident in Dublin airport. We were sitting in a very cold aircraft for over an hour. The pilot said he would start the engines to warm the plane up - the propellors turned twice! When we got home I had a query and needed to speak to Customer Service. I filled in a Customer Service form - 4 weeks later I'm still waiting for a response.:::0
LHR to DUB. Flew out of T2. As a Gold Circle member I used the lounge. The views and ambience is far superior to the old T1 lounge but the food is still pretty pathetic the exception being the coffee - there is a machine as well as a percolator. The flight was fine with one exception the seat pitch was incredibly tight. This is a refurbished plane with the magazine rack at eye level. I am only 5ft 4" but I still found the space very tight.:::1
October 16. Business Class Orlando to Dublin and economy class connecting to Amsterdam. It is difficult to fault this airline. The quality and attitude of the flight attendants is remarkable. This was true even on the connecting economy flight to Amsterdam despite the seating being very tight and the flight was packed. Flights departed and left on time. Boarding was more chaotic as patrons waited while families with infants and those in wheelchairs boarded early but brought with them large extended families as well to take advantage of the early boarding. October 25 the return flight from Amsterdam only allows check in with KLM but Aer Lingus passengers find out too late that they cannot print boarding passes from the hotel but only at blue KLM machines in the airport. On return to Orlando in the time it took to walk for the gate to baggage Aer Lingus already had the bags on the conveyor belt. Now that's a first.:::1
This was my first experience with Aeroflot and I was pleasantly surprised with the airline. In DC our trip got off to a rough start as Aeroflot's flight was not listed on any departure boards, nor was the gate marked with flight information. I don't know if this is a problem to do with the airline or airport. Once on board we were greeted by a clean and new looking airbus. The economy seats were cramped on our trans-atlantic stretch but not more so than other US and European carriers I've flown. The service was fairly good. The cabin crew were all business and no smiles, but they came around often to see if passengers needed anything. We had two hot meals that were edible and the in seat entertainment system had a really good selection of films. My only complaint on the trans-atlantic flight was that breakfast was served three hours before landing at 4.30 am Moscow time, unnecessarily cutting into sleep time. Our short-haul leg was equally comfortable. Again the planes looked new and were very clean. Cabin staff came through with snacks and beverages. Overall I found Aeroflot a pleasant experience. I think the airlines greatest weakness is its Moscow hub. The trans-atlantic schedules require long layovers. While I had a problem free flight, I saw a number of other passengers struggle to sort out problems with ground staff at the SVO transfer desk.:::1
Good value for money, although aircraft itself is old, seats are worn out. Polite and helpfull staff on board. Ok meals.:::1
Flew Hong Kong to Moscow then Moscow to London. It was okay I had read a lot of bad reviews beforehand and whilst I felt the flight attendants were perhaps not too enthusiastic the entertainment food and legroom was not bad at all. Everything went smoothly. The flight was quite low on passengers too which always makes it more comfortable.:::1
Not surprising this is a "regional" airline and it obviously aspires to nothing better! In Oct.2013 I booked and paid for a business class seat ATH-MAN but 3 weeks ago while checking My Bookings noticed I'd been downgraded to economy. The call centre simply shifted the blame to the travel agent. The latter found out that Aegean have decided not to offer business class on this route no warning no alternatives nothing. I cancelled my ticket.:::0
ATH-MUC in economy in March 2014 economy has the dreaded "slimline" seats that LH started and everyone seems to be following. That said flight crew was pleasant and professional airplane was clean flight landed on time- Aegean even gives you a snack and a drink on this flights. Pleasant experience would recommend.:::1
Rome FCO - Athens A3651 Feb 22nd. Athens - Rhodes A3216 Feb 22nd. This airline is intended to be a regular airline however it behaves like a low-cost one. You have to pay to check in a luggage in addition to the normal fare. Seat spacing is comparable to a low cost such as Ryanair quite insufficient. Food is average but more importantly it is presented in cardboard boxes which are recycled. Choice of beverages is very limited. Unfortunately Aegean is in a monopolistic situation in Greece and they are expensive and cost/satisfaction of service is below average.:::0
LCA-ATH-BRU: Very average experience. Flying from Larnaca to Athens flight arrived on time to the destination seat space was ok food was horrible. Inflight service very average. Nobody expects anything special flying economy regarding food but what Aegean served for breakfast was beyond words. A tasteless omelette there was liquid coming out of it plus a small chocolate. The second segment of my flight from Athens to Brussels was better in leg space service and food but I find unacceptable the control they have on hand luggage. Lately they introduced the low fare tickets for people travelling with just hand luggage people of course try to benefit from this. Passengers carry in the cabin what they would otherwise have checked at the check in counters! What is happening is that people carry oversized suitcases and try to fit them in the overhead storage holders and I was really surprised to see that they allow this. I was carrying a 6 kg soft handbag which I placed in the overhead holder above my seat and the air hostess asked me if she could move it in a holder further in the other row simply to fit a big suitcase! The most positive aspect to this airline is the convenient times.:::1
For an international carrier it must rate as the poorest value. The audacity of them to charge for alcoholic beverages and the gall of them to recommend you spend €18 odd on what they call a decent meal when most national carriers provide the same free. I was travelling with some friends from Australia and they were taken aback by the frugality of the meals and beverages. Not my favourite airline and would only travel with them if it was absolutely necessary. As the Irish have a habit of mimicking every other country don't know why they cannot take this on board.:::0
3/10/14 London Heathrow to Dublin Flight EI155. I am fed up with the Aer Lingus bashing on this site. Whilst conceding that I am Irish and could be accused of bias on the number of occasions over the last few years I have flown with Aer Lingus I can truthfully say that the overall service has been outstanding. Flight delays are usually outside the control of the airline. The crews without exception have been warm friendly and totally professional. I have enjoyed flying with Aer Lingus and look forward to doing so again.:::1
Flew CWL-DUB-JFK and YYZ-DUB-CWL business class. Had the opportunity to bid for upgrade which we did and was accepted. The flight from CWL was on Stobart Air new plane and surprisingly quite a bit of leg room and seat comfort. We chose this route so we could clear immigration in DUB which was very easy to do and then sit in the BC lounge until ready to fly. The trip over was great comfortable seats which laid flat wi-fi 5 course meal on real plates and a tasty snack before we landed. The cabin crew were delightful nothing was too much trouble. The IFE was ok I mainly listened to music which had some great artists on there and some relatively new releases. I did not watch a film as I was too busy playing email tag with friends taking advantage of the wi-fi. Arrived at JFK on time and breezed through the terminal to collect luggage and to meet our waiting transfer. Return journey YYZ-DUB-CWL. Business lounge in YYZ airport is run by KLM massive lounge with great selection of food and drinks. The return plane was a different configuration and older so BC was not as comfortable in my opinion. There were only 12 seats and 2 were empty we were in row 1 and the screen for the IFE was so far away I could barely see it. One member of staff to care for our needs she was rather offhand and sourfaced not like that smilers we had coming over. Dinner was served it was ok but not to the standard of the outward flight and the seats were not as comfortable due to the fact that when you did use the recline/lie flat you were placed at an angle that made you feel as if you were about to slide on the floor. During the flight I asked for a cup of coffee (I dont sleep) and she said I will be serving breakfast in 30 minutes would you like yours now I said no just the coffee. When she served breakfast she did not give me mine so had to ask when she replied "oh you said you did not want breakfast". When we arrived at DUB we had to go through security again despite having just gotten off a plane and only being in transit. Due to the plane being slightly late we only had 15mins to get to our gate. Our bags were scrutinised and my friends duty free was checked to see if the seal had been broken and the receipt matched with the label. Very irritating we did end up being slightly late to our gate (we had our boarding passes) but it was stress we could have done without. The flight back to CWL was with Stobart Air packed but no problems. All in all not bad for the price we paid as the outward journey balanced the return.:::1
BUD-SVO-NRT and back Economy class. Short haul was an A320 long one A330. All flights on time. Somewhat more legroom and comfortable seats on the A320 but they were still ok on the A330. Onboard lunch/dinner surprisingly good breakfasts/snacks kind of mixed basket. IFE on A330 had a wide enough selection of movies no music for my taste and really sluggish controls. Flight attendants helpful and nice except of the first flight BUD-SVO. I lost my itinerary Aeroflot employees at Narita helped me out. SVO terminal F really sucks but that's not the airline's fault. My first experience with Aeroflot was positive I'd rate them close to 4 stars overall and I will fly them again.:::1
17/4 TLV-SVO-CAN 25/5 return. TLV-SVO B-777 excellent leg room SVO-CAN CAN-SVO SVO-TLV A-330. All planes clean with no trouble. All flights almost on time good website to book good service from staff. Meals could be better this time choice of meals has improved compared to 6 months ago.:::1
11th April SU0260 Moscow-Tokyo. 21st April SU261 Tokyo-Moscow. Flew on a Airbus A330 from Tokyo to Amsterdam through Moscow. First time Aeroflot but never again. A list of disappointments: All announcements were in 3 languages: Russian English and Japanese even the sales and priority rewards announcements. During the 9 hour flight we only got a cold drink once(!) even during dinner we didn't get anything to drink other than coffee or tea afterwards. This was a day flight and I didn't sleep so I didn't miss anything I'm sure. 1.5 hour delay which is perfectly acceptable for me but don't let us board and tell us every 5 minutes that the delay will be an extra 5 minutes (and in 3 languages again). The sign "fasten seatbelts" was lit for 3/4 of the flight but I didn't feel any turbulence at all seemed like the stewards didn't want people to stretch their legs. Very outdated multimedia system no subtitles available. Stewards refuse to speak English and explains everything in Russian constantly.:::0
Aegean is really unpredictable. Can be excellent in every way or disappointing in many other ways. For example though their fares are in no way low cost they started charging 20 euros for a piece of luggage each way (short haul) and 30 euros for longer flights i.e. to Spain. BA and CY do not charge. Going out to BCN cost me for 2 pax 95 euros more than for our return flight on Vueling. Of course Vueling offers no breakfast (you have to pay for it) yet breakfast on Aegean was as poor as you can imagine. Yes on this flight they used the good jet steps and not their favourite bus transport to - from aircraft. One thing that is really impressive is the inflight attendants exceptionally professional.:::0
Took 2 flights with Aegean Airlines in December 2013 and was truly impressed. Their quality of service was a long way ahead of British Airways that I used on 4 other flights and I will look at using Aegean Airlines again on my next trip to Europe - if Athens is on the trip list!:::1
BRU to Athens on 11 Jan 2014 and flight A3622 from Athens to BRU on 15 Jan 2014. First time experience with Aegean Airlines was very pleasurable from good online check-in mobile boarding card on time departures friendly patient cabin crew and service oriented ground staff.:::1
My flight to Buenos Aires was not full, plenty of room to stretch. Flight to Miami was full because of school vacation, big mistake on my part. The A330 is uncomfortable in economy. When the seat in front of you is reclined, you have the tray table pitted against you stomach, even if you are not fat. The flight attendants should ask everyone to sit upright when serving meals on the A330. Rows are so close that it is impossible to get up from your seat normally. One must slide to the end and climb out. I have flown this aircraft before and they are all the same in Economy - horrible. Considering how packed the flight was, the flight attendants were excellent. The food was mediocre with two choices: pasta or beef, and very small servings. Flight attendants provided drinks generously and water service was available throughout the flight. Bathrooms were kept fairly clean. Movie selection was very good, free headphones were provided. A very uncomfortable aircraft, avoid the A330 Economy. Only seats that looked spacious were the exit row seats. Check-in at EZE was smooth despite crowds and airport chaos.:::1
I flew from Chicago O'Hare to Dublin and from Dublin to Amsterdam and Amsterdam back to Dublin and Dublin back to O'Hare and I must say I was pleased with the airline. The food was good the entertainment was good and the leg room on the flights was great. Only issue I did have was from Amsterdam to Dublin because we arrived 30 minutes left and nearly missed our connecting flight from Dublin to O'Hare however we made it on time with all of our belongings. Will definitely use Aer Lingus again on any future trips to Ireland.:::1
Kerry-Dublin-Kerry on 14th October. Flight is Aer Lingus Regional operated by Stobart Air. Flights departed and arrived on time and were relatively smooth. Transit through Kerry and Dublin airports (with no luggage) was easy. The aircraft was uncomfortably hot during the early morning flight from Kerry. Food was dreadful - a rock hard scone from 'Clodagh's Kitchen'. Not Clodagh's best bake! These are relatively minor though easily resolved quibbles in what is a very useful service.:::1
Used the BHX-DUB flight taking about an hour and just wanted to say what a pleasant experience it was compared to the competition on this route. No check-in queue or problems even though I was late due to a delayed train. A relaxed and pleasant experience throughout. No being herded onto stairwells so that the airline can stick to its tight schedules - just walked straight onto the plane after a short wait. The plane itself was a newish ATR 72-600 with an easy-on-the-eye light grey/blue interior - not the oppressive yellow and blue of the competition. Also no jarring announcements or being pestered to buy scratch cards. National carriers are also often a small window on the country to which you are travelling so it was nice to have staff that were actually Irish. Terminal 2 in Dublin is also much easier than T1. A relaxing experience and good all round - well worth the extra few euros (although actually cheaper than FR for this particular trip).:::1
We recently flew Aer Lingus from Chicago to Dublin and we can now say that we have a new favorite airline. Flights were on time luggage problems were non-existent and the staff was great.:::1
Tel Aviv - Moscow Sheremetjevo - Bangkok and return. Twice B777 and Airbus 330. Airbus 330 on the Moscow - Bangkok route. Not very comfortable these airplanes. Personal TV with mostly older movies. Food nothing special and no beer or wine served on any of the routes I have flown. I can understand they do not serve liquor but not even a beer with dinner. Service is average to good and friendly. Aeroflot got me on time where I was flying to. I think there are far better choices out there then Aeroflot.:::0
Flew from DUS-SVO-BKK. I am at a loss of words for the unfriendly staff. We had the feeling that they were annoyed about our presence in the plane. I have never experienced such unfriendly staff in my life. In addition 4 hours late without even explaining the delay. The Inflight-entertainment system itself was not bad. I would say slightly below average but still okay. The problem were the headphones. The headphones were so bad that you could not understand a word. So we could not watch a single movie during our 10 hour flight. At least no movie with sound. Food was standard. Neither good nor bad. I would not complain if the price would have been low. But it was pretty much the same as other airlines like Emirates or Etihad. 1/10 will never fly with Aeroflot again.:::0
ARN-SVO-BKK return on new A320 and B773. Flights more or less on time. No problem with transfer. Good in-flight entertainment on B773. Food in economy just OK. We got an upgrade to Comfort class on BKK-SVO which was great. Big seats and plenty of leg room. Food also better - but not sure if better because of Comfort class or because made in Thailand. I don't like Aeroflots bread buns wrapped in plastic. They ought to have fresh bread. I also think all passengers on all long haul flights ought to be given 05 litres of water in bottles. Only difference to other European 3 and 4 star carriers appears to be the no alcohol policy. If a bit better food - and maybe a bit better English for some staff Aeroflot could easily be a 4 star airline.:::1
Athens-Dusseldorf. Pleasant flight catering could be better. The negative part was the ground staff (at the gate): they changed without asking us the flight by transferring us to the next flight.:::1
We booked and paid for a package in May 2013 to fly to Munich in Dec 2013. Flight out was with Lufthansa which was great. However when we tried to check in online the day before our return to Cyprus with Aegean through Athens we got an error message saying 'non valid ticket' and giving us a number to call. We called the number which was Lufthansa and the agent told us he could see our booking but couldn't check us in as the computer systems weren't compatible. We tried the Aegean online check in but still no joy. So we got to Munich airport 2.5 hours before our flight to check in only to be told we were on standby! We were assured that the gate personnel would sort it out to our satisfaction so we went through to the departure gates. The departure gate had changed but not updated on the terminal screen. When we finally found it the staff were very off hand about us being on standby even though we couldn't understand how we didn't have a seat when the whole thing had been booked and paid for 7 months earlier. After making a big fuss and having to wait until 5 mins before take off we finally managed to get on the plane but not seated together. Another passenger offered to swap seats so we did sit together in the end. Unfortunately we were supposed to transfer in Athens and were very concerned that we would have to go through the whole thing again and we actually refused to board the Athens plane until we were sure we had seats on the Athens to Cyprus plane. No acceptable explanation was given as to why we had been given the run-around and in fact we were made to feel that we were just making a fuss about nothing. The service on board was indifferent food was shoddy and we will never fly with Aegean again. We've flown a lot long and short haul and I can safely say this was the worst experience ever.:::0
Although I have been rooting for Aegean in the past these past months I have traveled RHO-ATH-RHO many times and each time the experience seems to be worsening. The boarding and flight schedules are perfectly fine if you ignore the constant use of a bus for boarding instead of jumping platforms in Athens but the cabin experience apart from the seat comfort which is ok is worse every time. The take off is usually ok. The trip to Rhodes lasts for approximately 50 minutes and the cabin crew are struggling to serve you. It looks as if with one hand they serve and with the other they collect what they have just served for landing. The crew are typically indifferent and tend not to smile. The catering is average but couldn't expect big things for a 50 minute flight. For now it progressively costs more money to travel with Aegean that what you actually get in return at least for these domestic routes.:::1
Awful Aegean experience (Heathrow to Athens on 22nd December 2013): Hand-luggage with just two laptops (one of them half size) is overweight for Aegean airlines. Hand-luggage bought especially for cabin use and used in others budget airlines with no problem. They made me to empty it twice! For a ticket bought 9 months ago at a price of £ £420 for a flight equivalent to 3.40 hours. The plane was delayed an hour. I just managed to get my next connection flight to Mytilini because it operates from the same airline and they were waiting for us. Aegean has monopolised the local aviation. Also the time schedule is such that it is not worth it to get another airline and change to Aegean for the local trip only.:::0
Flight was delayed 1 hr due to late arrival from Buenos Aires. I used Alitalia Lounge in Terminal 3, modern, large, with limited food options (salads, sandwiches, desserts). I was one of the first to board the plane, so I had to wait almost 30 mins to get any drink/welcome drink, without asking for it, FAs started to give drinks only after boarding was finished. Seat was ok, not full flat, but quite comfy. IFE very poor, only 5 channels available, showing only 2 movies in Spanish/English version, no Air Show with a map available, so had no idea about flight time etc. Cabin crew were nice and smiling, quite senior and during breakfast service, looking very tired and grumpy. Disappointing menu - I was expecting some local dishes from Argentina, some beef etc, and I got green salad with parma ham, risotto or pork with ratatuille or ravioli. I tried first two - all tasted the same, bland, boring, over cooked. No cocktail service at all, as only whisky is available. Good wines. Service in business class is very old fashioned, reminds me service from the 90s, nothing modern as for plating, food presentation, menu etc. Dirty toilet in Business Class. Breakfast started 2 hrs before landing, again - boring tray with fruit salad, yoghurt, bread roll and almost shapeless croissaint, jam and hot omlet with... carrots. Horrible. Generally, very poor business class product. No PA from pilots for whole flight. Not recommended.:::0
AEP-MTV short 30 min flight. Check in at aeroparque was fast no lines for security line. Boarding by bus 20 min delay no explanation given. Once on board nice FA nice service and arrival nearly on time. Bags short on belt. Good option on this route.:::1
Flight BHI-AEP-BHI August 2014 with Aerolineas Argentinas. A domestic flight both of only 1 hour. Crew were friendly and polite. Catering service was just OK. Aircraft were old but still comfortable (both B737). Both flights on time.:::1
I flew from Chicago O'Hare to Dublin and from Dublin to Amsterdam and Amsterdam back to Dublin and Dublin back to O'Hare and I must say I was pleased with the airline. The food was good the entertainment was good and the leg room on the flights was great. Only issue I did have was from Amsterdam to Dublin because we arrived 30 minutes left and nearly missed our connecting flight from Dublin to O'Hare however we made it on time with all of our belongings. Will definitely use Aer Lingus again on any future trips to Ireland.:::1
Flew from Belfast City Airport to Palma. The flight was delayed on the way out although it was confirmed that this was due to the airport the plane was leaving to come to Belfast to pick us up and in the end it was only just over an hour due to a speedy turn around by Aer Lingus staff. The aircraft was clean and tidy and not at all tired looking a good job especially given the short turnaround time that staff had. Flight was comfortable with a decent enough level of leg room although the cabin did feel a little hot on both out and inbound flights. The food selection was decent and of a standard a little higher than I would have normally expected although perhaps in the grander scheme of things like most airlines a little pedestrian. The return flight was much the same no problems and nothing to further stress my wife and I while travelling with our toddler for her first time on a plane. Also a few days after landing I contacted Aer Lingus as we seemed to have misplaced a new pair of shoes we had bought in Palma airport for our daughter. Usually some airlines are impossible to deal with after the fact however Aer Lingus were helpful and really gave the impression they went the extra mile to see if they could locate our misplaced shoes.:::1
Aer Lingus Flight 111 from Shannon to JFK on 1 Oct 2014. We found the flight attendants to be aloof and unprofessional. Several passengers asked for different things and the flight attendants would just "yes" them but never followed through with their requests. It was like they were playing a game - just yes them and don't deliver. Will look for alternate airlines on future flights. I have been flying for over 30 years and never experienced anything like this before.:::0
The flight from JFK to DUB was good the food was very nice however the entertainment is very lacking compared to other carriers - old choices and not a big selection. On the return trip the cabin was freezing and delayed by an hour food wasn't good on way back and entertainment was the same.:::1
Flew LHR to SVO 27/3/15 returned 4/4/15. Outbound A321 return A330-300. Both trips were comfortable with cabin crew all very helpful and pleasant to a non Russian Speaker. We were in economy both ways. The plane was clean the toilets were fine and the food and drinks provided were good for airline food in our family experience. Overall a very pleasant experience No IFE on way out as small plane but lots on way back choice was good.:::1
I flew Aeroflot with a connection in Moscow. On my 10 hour long flights we were served two meals! The food was very good considering it was airline food. It was hot with plenty of bread and salad. Free wine was served throughout the flight. We were provided with slippers blankets pillows and eye shields. The staff were very courteous and announcements were made in Russian and English. The entertainment had a terrific selection of movies and music. If you are a tall person you are better off purchasing the emergency exit seats as they were so much more comfortable for someone 6'. Connection in Moscow which I was a bit fearful of was actually a very nice experience. They accepted US dollars. Most sales people spoke some English. Free wifi in coffee shops. The cleanest airport I have ever been to with janitors cleaning the toilets constantly wiping down all chrome pillars in hallways. Sparkling clean. Connections were smooth where my check in luggage went straight to my destination without having to recheck. The smaller airbus for my 4 hour flight to Venice did not have any entertainment video but did serve a meal. I recommend Aeroflot as great airline for the price! Was totally surprised.:::1
We made a reservation for 16th March 2015 to fly from Budapest via Moscow to Bangkok with Aeroflot airlines. Arriving at the Budapest airport we noticed that our flight SU 2031 which departure must have been at 12.50 was changed to 14.40 without any explication (delayed or something). We know we'll miss our connection to Bangkok so instead of arriving in Bangkok at 8.30 we were late 2.5 hours! That is why we had to call our transfer agency to not come to pick us up at the Bangkok Airport before 11 o'clock. So our short stay in Bangkok was shortened 2.5 hours!:::0
First time flying with Aegean Airlines from FRA to ATH on a Lufthansa codeshare and couldn't be happier. Nice to have inflight infotainment on a short haul flight and not bad food better than Air Canada. No delays on time and cabin crew were nice. Only downside was that there was no seat-back monitors which many airliners are upgrading to and seats are sort of stiff.:::1
ATH-ROM-ATH. Great airline with great service and great staff. The trip was perfect despite the bad weather.:::1
I have now been flying with Aegean since they took over the Olympic slots at Heathrow. This year on the morning of October 7th Heathrow was fog bound so the flight to Athens was delayed by two hours. This meant missing the evening flight to Mykonos. As soon as I was checking in their staff were most helpful. On arriving at Athens I was put up in Hotel Sofitel everything paid for and caught the flight to Mykonos the following morning. My only thought is that the evening flight to Mykonos is too tight with the London flight around about an hour and needs looking in to. Aegean is an excellent airline as part of my holiday flew with them to Crete as well all flights were full and I look forward to flying with them next October.:::1
I was very disappointed with Aerolineas Argentinas. The seats are very uncomfortable they do not have enough space between them vertically. My husband is 6 feet tall and his legs were touching the front seat he had no space to move them. I am 5'5 and was also uncomfortable. It was a long flight almost 9 hours and the TV screens did not function properly. Mine had no image whatsoever. My husband's screen had image but no sound. No entertainment at all for almost 9 hours is ridiculous. We had to take a second flight from Buenos Aires to Bahia Blanca and the flight was delayed 2 hours. On our return from Buenos Aires to Miami the flight was also delayed this time for 1 hour. Even tough the prices of Aerolineas Argentinas are lower I would never use it again or recommended to anybody. I have taken the same flight route with American Airlines and LAN and they are much better. Next time I rather pay more for the tickets and have a more pleasant and comfortable flight.:::0
AR 1303 April 23rd and AR 1302 April 26th. We were looking for a reasonable Business Class fare from Miami to Buenos Aires we were amazed at how much less expensive Aerolineas was than the other carriers that we checked and were worried that it might be due to an inferior flight experience but decided that since were only flying down for three days to attend a wedding he had to go for it. Well I'm happy to report that with Aerolineas Argentinas you don't "get what you pay for" you get much more. The plane we took was an elderly Airbus that was a bit tattered (especially the bathrooms) but the seats were lie-flat and comfortable the food was above average (much better than American) and the flight attendants were cheerful professional and happy to help with a smile unlike the surly overweight lazy tenured FAs on most U.S. legacy carriers. I would fly Aerolineas again.:::1
We flew business class (club condor) from JFK on Feb 21 and returned on Feb 28. Great experience. Airbus 330-200 was clean and comfortable. Both flights left on time. Crews were first-rate. Great bargain. Highly recommend it.:::1
Two flights the first EI 564 DUB-BCN and the other EI 739 PMI-DUB. The first took off late due to the late arrival of the aircraft which was the truth (refreshingly) as the aircraft only arrived 20mins before we were due to depart but the time was made up with a fairly quick two hour flight to BCN. Not a full flight so we had space to move and didn't have the usual cabin baggage issues. Took the cabin crew a while to get going with inflight service but they had everything we asked for. The crew were nice if a little robotic. Plane wasn't spotless but they were in a hurry to go again so understandable (it wasn't filthy either). The flight back was packed and the airport in Palma is awful one of the warmest airports I've set foot in. The usual issues with pax and their cabin baggage while this is not the fault of the crew it should be dealt with or pax should know how to stow their luggage efficiently. It seems to rather aggravate the cabin crew that they are reduced to baggage handlers and rightly too. Otherwise there were similar crew-bots to the ones on the way over. Did everything by the book and kept the lights low for anyone who wanted to sleep. As per usual the bags took an age to arrive and this seems to be quite a regular occurrence now. But as an experience but flights were absolutely fine and pretty good value for money.:::1
Booking experience is horrific. We've flown with this airline 8 times this year and each time there are many mistakes in the booking process. Their website is worse than useless it throws a litany of errors and seemingly holding parts of your information input which confounds the website next time you access it. This last booking it lost seat reservations and despite many emails are unable to get a simple request like sitting together right. They charge for meals and don't provide them. Onboard all is well nice friendly staff on clean planes. Food is just acceptable. Best way is take your own and have a picnic. All our flights have been on time. Avoiding massive queues on arrival in US having immigration in Dublin makes flying to the US better than any other route. Advice? Book early and be prepared for a slow process.:::1
Flew Shanghai to Paris via Moscow. What a nightmare: aircraft ancient (still had ashtrays in the arm rests) torn and dirty seat covers toilet unspeakable by mid-way through the flight and the stop-over in Moscow is always stressful. Why do they make everyone disembark with all their hand luggage check the luggage through security when it hasn't been anywhere but on the aircraft since the previous security check and then make everyone get right back on the very same plane? If you are seated at the back of the aircraft then you spend your whole lay- over at Moscow airport standing in a queue to get through security. The food was almost inedible and my Chinese travelling companions played cards on the backs of the airline seats throughout most of the flight and all stood up to get their bags out of the overhead lockers when the pilot announced that we would be landing in three minutes! The cabin crew went almost apoplectic.:::0
SVO-PEK and back. I have travelled with Aeroflot several times within the past year I have to say that the level of service you get with this airline is inconsistent. Compared to my last trip with them (STR-SVO-LED and back) which was extremely satisfying this time the service is only so-so. For SVO-PEK the cabin crew seemed inexperienced. The crew disappeared immediately after dinner service. The food from SVO is very average and the cleanliness of the toilet was not maintained well during the flight. For the return trip the crew members seemed much more experienced and they delivered a fairly high level of service. The food was also significantly better. Overall I think Aeroflot is improving. However they still have a long way to go. As a passenger your experience with them can vary greatly depending on the crew or the route. But considering the price which was very competitive I must say that what I got for this trip was fair.:::1
Manchester-Athens Oct 2013. Boarding and landing was 20 minutes delayed. Very comfortable seats and excellent staff. Food was really good and you could choose from a variety of drinks. Overall a very good flying experience. The only thing i would like to stress is the lack of any entertainment. I don't know if it is so expensive to show a movie during the flight especially when the screens are available! An airline like Aegean should at least have some kind of entertainment for long flights.:::1
My wife and I flew from Rome to Athens and Athens to Paris recently check in was a breeze and both flights were great. No problems at all.:::1
We flew 3 times with this airline and all flights were great even though there were delays (up to 20 minutes ) all arrivals were on time . The first flight from Kiev to Athens the plane was a brand new Airbus A320 leather seats in the cabin and very comfortable. Take-off and landing were perfect the staff were normal. For food I do not intend to complain on a flight less than 3 hours. In general we were impressed with this airline and we can recommend it.:::1
We flew on A330 EZE-JFK-EZE seats are too closed to each other I'm 5 9 tall and had problems with my legs this is what happen when airlines prefer only profit instead of customer service + profit EZE-JFK was 1 hour delayed and JFK-EZE 45mins delayed. Ground staff in both airports terrible neither courteous nor willing to help you. My greatest concern is flight attendants: most of the cabin crew and I mean 90% were rude they got angry if you requested a glass of water or soda (even though you walk to the aft galley to do so). During dinner one female flight attendant offered me chicken or pasta I asked her what kind of pasta and sauce she told me: "sir I'm not the chef who cooked the meals".:::0
Picked flight based on price. Flight from Miami to Buenos Aires was delayed by 6 hours and then canceled until the next day due to mechanical problem with plane. Re-booked on flight the next day. Luggage did not arrive in Buenos Aires for four days. Return flight delayed by 3+ hours resulting in missed connection. (All flights including connections on Delta were booked through Aerolineas Argentinas.) No help from Miami staff re-booking connection on partner? Delta. Ground staff in Miami sent us to the Delta counter to figure it out for ourselves. Delta would not rebook without us paying for new flight ourselves. Went back to Aerolineas Argentinas counter to find them closed until that evenings flight. Ended up renting car and driving 13 hours home.:::0
December 22nd 2014. MSP-JFK-EZE-FTE. Flew Club Condor. Others in our party of 5 flew coach. We had the full Monty flying Aerolineas. But the staff handled us well. Flight out left on time but no accommodations for Sky Priority passengers. Charge the gate at JFK was more like it. The food was very good. Service is prompt in that every flight attendant worked to get the job done so they could disappear. We liked how they gave us 3 options for our meals. The ice cream for desert and/or cheese plate were fantastic. And it is true they don't offer mixed drinks. For water they gave us a bottle for the over night flight. Breakfast was again very prompt well presented and the crew when prompted did go the extra step. On the return our child's vegetarian meal was missing. The crew promptly reviewed the menu and told us additional items we could choose from. For the return our flight was changed to add a stop at BRC. At which time we were notified our return to JFK was delayed from 11 pm to 6 am. Sky Priority line did nothing to help us here. We had to suffer with the rest. However they did rebook our last segment with Delta for us and effectively communicated to the crew in JFK to assist us and they did! They offered us a hotel and dinner in EZE. As we missed our JFK connection back to MSP they put us up in NYC and paid for dinner there as well. We turned down the offer for the hotel room in EZE and were able to sleep in the Club Condor Lounge. This is easily better than most First Class Lounges I have seen. Aerolineas in my opinion did much more than Delta United or American would have done for us. Our kids got to spend time touring NYC for the night. Our only downside was the plane could have been cleaner. Sad for a new A330-200. Here the domestic carriers do a better job. For the price we paid on for the ticket and what we got it was well worth it. When this airline makes mistakes they make up for it.:::1
Flew four times over the course of a month internally around Argentina (EZE-El Calafate El Calafate-Trelew Trelew-EZE EZE-Iguazu) and was very happy with service. Check in was prompt and staff were friendly and bilingual. Never experienced any delays in fact we were actually moved forward from a 6 hour change at EZE to a flight departing 5 hours sooner for no extra charge. Snacks and drinks served in all flights and despite the 737-7 seats being noticeably more cramped and less comfortable than the -800 I'd certainly recommend.:::1
Flight was from Toronto to Dublin. Seats were small and cramped. Drinks took forever to be served and were chargeable (on a transatlantic flight). Crew were very pleasant but there weren't enough of them and service was slow and poor. Food quality was poor - army standards. I am sure there are better airlines doing a better job - WestJet or Air Canada.:::0
19th September flight out - People were loaded on quickly and efficiently - same old problem with baggage. Didn't book a seat on this occasion so ended up in row ten which is noticeably smaller than the first 5 rows. Unbelievably the woman in front reclined her seat (its a short flight) and reduced my space even further. Plane more or less on time however landed at terminal one and walked miles to terminal 2 - no logic. 21st September Sunday flight - Queuing had been slightly addressed but loading was held back because of there only being one member of staff instead of two checking in and people just being slow. Arrived late which led to a few people having to run the length of Gatwick to get to their trains. Its about time Aer Lingus loaded people from the front and back of the planes.:::0
Flight #134 from Boston to Shannon on 9/1 and Flight #135 from Shannon to Boston on 9/9. We took Aer Lingus 757 contracted by Air Contractors. The price was right but you get what you pay for. The food was worse than TV dinners the stewardesses were so unfriendly (on both flights) and the TV's did not work on the flight back so we could not watch movies. My friend took the Aer Lingus airbus and said the food was fabulous and they had a wonderful experience. We could not say the same. Next time we would take the airbus.:::0
BUD-SVE-Phuket and back. Short leg (BUD-SVE): A320-200 seats are alright (Recaro seats) meal was terrible. Crew was ok. Long leg (SVE-Phuket) 777-300 (Kutuzov) poor seats no leg room very unfriendly crew (both way) the worst meals I've ever had. However this was the cheapest and fastest flight to Phuket from BUD.:::0
Flew with Aeroflot CPH-SVO-NRT. Excellent service. I am a tall guy and Economy Class is usually a nightmare especially on long-haul flights. On my trip to Tokyo the flight attendants noticed that I was struggling to get room for my knees and offered me one of their personal seats which had more legroom and since these seats did not have any entertainment system the crew made sure I was comfortable for giving me extra drinks. (I got a full bottle of wine for free!!) Aeroflot has become an excellent airline and I will be happy to travel with them again.:::1
Flew CPH-SVO-BKK and back in economy class in brand new Boeing 777-300er. Seating a bit cramped due to the 3-4-3 configuration. I guess the only complaint is the food which was horrible. Cabin crew helpful and efficient. No alcohol policy on airline due to incidents with drunk passengers. But overall Aeroflot did a good job getting us from a to b via SVO. We would book again with Aeroflot. But a food upgrade would be nice.:::1
MAD-SVO-HKG return in Economy. Perfect trip Aeroflot is trying its best to be equally competitive with its European rivals and quite manages it. The only drawback is a horrible SVO connection. Unnecessary crowded passport controls for transit passengers Horrible terminal F. Otherwise would definitely fly with them again.:::1
LHR-ATH-RHO and return October 2013. Checked in online for all flights and seat assignments honoured. Flights arrived on time or early. Boarding a little chaotic despite very strict adherence to boarding by rows. No queue jumping was allowed if your row hadn't been called you were not allowed to board. Yet somehow chaos and confusion reigned in the cabin partly because of the amount of hand luggage some passengers had been allowed to take on board and partly because every single flight was packed solid. In flight service was excellent if a little slow. Hot meals served on international flights (ok quality) free (and good) Greek wine available and refills willingly given. Fight attendants universally pleasant and service oriented. A321 on international flights with inflight entertainment on drop down screens. A320 on domestic service. Check in at LHR and RHO easy and quick. Baggage delivery prompt. All in all very pleasant.:::1
London Stansted-Athens-Thessaloniki. Once again although cabin experience with this airline is good check-in process seems to be its weak point. Flight departed Stansted on time but just before landing at Athens I realised that I did not have a boarding pass for the connecting flight. I spoke to cabin crew about it but they seemed unaware of any issues/processes and simply referred me to the connecting flight desk at the airport. When I got there this was shut. There was no one available from the airline either and I ended up speaking to airport security. I was told that I had to come out of the airport security controlled area and check in all over again to get the boarding pass and that this is a standard procedure even though bags get transferred on to next flight automatically. There was a queue from hell at check-in which seems to be the norm for Aegean. I have never been asked to check in twice at airport for connecting flights. This then caused problems with my airport shopping not getting through security and I had to pick up my bag re-pack and hand in again. This involved a long and time- consuming process walking up and down the airport's different floors etc. Ground staff were understanding and did their best to help but there is no two ways about it: this was a very poorly "organised" connecting flight. I sent a form to customer service to complain but they just said that the problem was at Stansted and that they have rectified it. I asked how they have rectified it but they just responded by repeating the same. I am not convinced. A hassle-free flight with Aegean seems impossible and the overall experience does not correspond to what you pay. I would not recommend. On the way back with Air Berlin connecting at Dusseldorf did not give any problems and was a pleasure to walk past the Aegean packed check-in area knowing I didn't have to brave it.:::0
The short flight from Athens to Istanbul was delayed by 1.5 hrs making my fiancé and I miss our connecting flights back to Singapore. We were stranded in Istanbul airport for 12 hours with no offer of food or drink and no concrete solution from Aegean. Eventually at 3am the morning we were given a hotel. We slept for 4 hours. We then rushed back to the airport the next morning finally guaranteed a flight and arrived back just in time for work on Monday 6am. We were suppose to be there the previous morning (Sunday). Aegean made no effort to book us decent seats leaving us to sit apart the entire journey home as a result I didn't sleep at all during the flight. Therefore I had 4 hours sleep in 48 hours and had to go straight in to work. The representative also lied to us to keep us happy until we left and could do nothing about it. We tried to call him but he refused to take our calls. The plane was really nice and comfy seats but the pilot nearly crashed upon landing. I would suspect that the reason the flight was delayed in the first place was that there was no pilot thus a stand-in pilot was used.:::0
EZE-JFK. The flight was supposed to leave at 11pm. A maintenance issue on the plane but the airline did not announce a delay / cancellation until the boarding time. First the departure time was delayed to midnight and then to 2am. Finally at 1:45am they announced that flight was cancelled. Passport control was closed. Also there were no baggage claim staff. Aerolineas Argentinas decided to reschedule the flight to 6:10am (7+ hour delay vs. original time). After changing the gate and the plane the boarding started at 6.45am and flight left at 7:30am. This airline is terrible. They don't care at all about service.:::0
I flew with a friend on the 3 December in Club Economy from Buenos Aires to Bariloche with a return booking for 9 December. The aircraft was a brand new Boeing 737-800 and the 2 by 2 sets in the forward Club Economy very comfortable and done in soft leather. A small snack was served by very friendly cabin staff and all was well until the beverage cart rolled by and we asked for some Malbec wine and were told that Aerolineas do not serve wine on domestic flights! One can imagine my surprise that after paying USD $992 per ticket that the flag carrier of Argentina which grows some of the world's finest wines does not showcase this product onboard-they did not even give us the option to purchase wine on a two hour flight! We will be returning to Buenos Aires on LAN.:::1
For this short 100 min flight from Mendoza to Buenos Aires the economy seat on the 737-700 had plenty leg room and they even served a small lunch box which impressed me. Just beware that row 6 which was behind me has no window. I would not want to be in that seat!:::1
Flew on Oct 21st from Ezeiza to Miami on AR 1304. Equipment was Airbus 330-200. Traveled in Business Class (Seat 5d) Check in service was very friendly and efficient. Business class lounge was spacious and comfortable and serviced by attentive staff. Boarding was very good and through a separate jet way from other cabin. Welcome on board was very friendly and helpful. Seats are flat but at an angle; very uncomfortable and I kept on sliding downwards. Inflight entertainment was good in terms of equipment but mediocre as far as programming both audio and video. Unfortunately the only WC in business class was out of order so we had to use filthy economy class lavatories. Not good.:::1
We travelled from Orlando FL to Edinburgh via Dublin on 2 Sep 14 (FLT 120) and returned to Orlando on 13 Sep 14 (FLT 121). Both flights were the worst that my wife and I have experienced. The flight attendants were rude inefficient unprofessional inattentive and were completely aloof to what was going on around them. For example I pushed our flight attendant buzzer at least 10 different times to no avail. We were completed ignored. The food service was a farce and disgrace. One passenger wanted a blanket asked for a blanket but never received one. Another passenger asked for a cup of tea several times and after 30 mins or so it finally arrived. At times you could not even find a flight attendant. We will probably never fly Aer Lingus again.:::0
We travelled from the Boston US to Ireland on an emergency trip. We flew on August 21 and returned today Sept. 5. Staff were excellent on both flights. We are traveling again in December and we look forward to much of the same. This was a short notice flight so it was a little pricey.:::1
Recently travelled BOS-DUB RT. Love the airline but cost cutting is making the experience disappointing. Very tight seating with poor recline. Entertainment system not up to par with other transatlantic carriers. Flight attendants were exceptionally kind and friendly.:::0
Bangkok to London Heathrow via Moscow. After reading mixed reviews thought this could be a nightmare when in actual fact the service was good. Friendly staff flights on time online check in and seat reservation a breeze at Bangkok you can check in at self service terminal - saves a lot of queuing. Very convenient print boarding card fast bag drop new planes and great prices the food served was not big portion sizes but was tasty standard economy airline food no alcohol served on the BKK to Moscow leg but plenty of soft drinks - water juices etc which came round every hr or so. Moscow airport: I read loads of negative reviews terminal F is old and not great but D & E where most international flights depart from are modern Burger king TGI Fridays etc loads of retail outlets prices same as all airports. I also read its a nightmare to transit between terminals when in fact its not it is a long walk between them but no problem. One security check one passport check. I have to say some staff look very stern but they are actually very friendly. There is no smoking in all terminals. All in all I would fly with them again based on price and service I received.:::1
I flew from SGN to SVO on Dec 25 2014. Very good food good leg room. 1 bag late and delivered to hotel. Overall very good I will use them whenever possible.:::1
Bangkok to Moscow 9 January 2015 flight 273. Awful customer service experience. The Aeroflot customer service team promised that they had found extra leg space seats as requested for my wife (dislocated her knee). When on board we found that they were not only normal economy seats but in fact were exactly the same ones that we had reserved previously (before her leg break). So not only was service unacceptable but also the staff seem to have > deliberately deceived us at the customer service and check in desks. I assume to move us on without having to do anything else. So they let the company down and of course passed the problem on to the flight attendants who also did nothing much to help. Very poor indeed.:::0
Moscow-Warsaw 18 Dec. Pros: nice new clean Airbus aircraft with leather seats and decent legroom. Flight on time. Very smart looking attractive cabin crew. Good English so all announcements were understandable ( quite rare with Aeroflot). Cons: service downgraded rapidly since last month's flight I took with them. This time only small sandwich and water/coffee/tea offered - nothing else (last time was tray with meal cake and whole selection of soft drinks). EU restrictions I suppose. Cabin crew very official and robotic absolutely no personal touch no interaction - beautifully groomed but cold and serious. Inflight magazine thick and full of good articles but in Russian only (literally last 4 pages were in English only) which is pity as it looks very interesting.:::1
ATH-HER-ATH connecting to Swiss ZRH-ATH-ZRH. Short 50 min flight on a A321. Flight completely full however the friendly crew managed to serve the whole plane drinks and peanuts. Very comfortable seats sufficient legroom. All in all very enjoyable. Would choose Aegean again.:::1
ATH-PRG-ATH. All flights were smooth and on time. Check-in in Athens and Prague airport was fine and not too long. The seats on board the aircraft's were comfortable better than other airlines and the legroom was good. Inflight entertainment was nothing special. It was only the inflight map. The cabin crew and the service were very good we had a sandwich which was bigger than some other airlines with a choice of complimentary drinks for both legs. Overall Aegean Air is a very good airline as it claims to be. I would fly again with them if I have a chance. Too bad they don't fly long haul routes but they only fly regional routes.:::1
MUC-SKG-ATH-HER-MUC: All flights on time with smiles clean aircraft and decent catering. Overall impeccable and a pleasure to fly!:::1
I flew from JFK to EZE on October 2/14. The flight left on time and arrived on time. I travelled in Club Condor. The service was friendly and efficient. New A330 aircraft. The Club Condor seat was an inclined flat seat. I found the seat to be hard and the angle for sleep was not comfortable. I put the seat into a cradle configuration and was able to relax more and sleep for several hours. The food needs improvement - presentation taste and variety were all lacking and considering the price paid to sit upfront I expected better. The entertainment system was good. There were a lot of movies to chose from. There were several places to charge my devices. I would fly with Aerolineas again.:::1
I flew MIA-EZE-MIA round trip on Aerolineas Argentinas (AeroA) December 24 2013 returning January 7 2014. I bought the ticket online but their website is not set up to allow you to select your seat. So I called their 800 number in the US. I called for 3 days several times each day before someone answered the phone. This agent's English was so bad it took 20 minutes to select my seats. EZE airport check-in at Buenos Aires is chaos. On AeroA all passengers for the MIA flight stood in a single line to be checked-in for only that flight. The same for other flights. We found this out by asking other passengers what to do as there were no AeroA employees or announcement boards present. There were long long lines of passengers snaking through the terminal. Check-in was so slow we were concerned we would miss our flight even though we arrived 2 hours early. It didn't matter though because our flight was delayed 3 hours on a crystal-clear morning. When we arrived at MIA 3 hours late the AeroA gate agents had gone home and there was no one to help us with rebooking our connections to Chicago. The planes both ways were run-down and old on the inside. On the way down a ceiling panel rattled the entire 9 hours. The entertainment system did not work either direction. The flight attendants only appeared 4 times in 9 hours: to serve drinks after takeoff to serve and collect dinner serve and collect breakfast and hand out immigration and customs forms. My advice: 1) Do not fly Aerolineas Argentinas for any reason even if you have to change your travel plans to avoid them or pay more on another airline. 2) If you are unlucky enough to use them and have to fly out of Buenos Aires EZE airport arrive 3 hours early and prepare for the slowest and most disorganized check-in procedure you have ever experienced. 3) If you do not speak Spanish then you will receive only limited customer service on the phone and their web site is primitive. 4) Prepare yourself for old tatty airplanes with no working entertainment system and largely-invisible flight attendants.:::0
Travelled from Madrid to Buenos Aires in May as the starting point of my South-American holidays. Reasonable prices and a remarkably good service all along the flight. There was a wide range of food to choose including delightful Argentinean beef. Check-in was fast and simple and the flight had no delays at all.:::1
Montevideo-Aeroparque-Asunción. I have to say that there is an improvement in the service. Still there are delays and poor customer service on the ground. But on board there are new and comfortable planes and nice and attentive FA. Connecting in Aeroparque (Buenos Aires city airport) is always fast and easy. First leg delayed connection on time. Bags arrived at my destination with me.:::1
My wife and I flew AeroMexico for the first time this past June. We didn't know what to expect but were extremely pleased. The planes we flew to and from Cancun were new and clean. Screens at every seat. Great service from staff. kicker is that I somehow managed to lose my iPhone on the way back home. I thought it must have been at the Cancun Airport so I called them a few times to check the lost and found. Nothing. Then about three days after my flight I got a call from AeroMexico that they had discovered my phone on the plane. I hadn't even informed them that it was missing because I checked my seat area and was fairly sure that it wasn't there. Honestly I don't even know how they managed to figure out whose phone it was. They may have had to call multiple people in our area of the plane. Anyway I went back to the airport and remarkably, they had my phone. I was relieved and extremely impressed. Needless to say I would highly recommend this airline to anyone flying to/from Mexico. And they are linked to Delta so I believe your points will accrue as Skymiles. :::1
Sunday 31 Aug flight DUB to Gatwick. Completely amazed as on time! The usual nonsense over passengers having far too much hand luggage - and despite being the posher version of travellers - not a single ounce of common sense with how to put luggage in overhead bins prevailed with the over-made up chef stewardess threatening to place a case in the hold.:::0
YYZ to DUB to EDI return. Transatlantic flights were excellent good IFE system pleasant staff and acceptable food. Big problem was connection in Dublin long walk through terminal and had to clear security again even though we were in the flight connection route. This does not happen at Heathrow so not sure why Dublin can't fix it. We were running to make the Toronto flight as security had only 1 of 3 lanes open.:::1
I travelled business class from Orlando to Dublin. The seats do not recline fully and you are in close proximity to your seatmate. The food is coach class. Do not sit in first row as the attendants go in and out of galley but always fail to close the curtain when they go in and out. Returning to Florida and had to go through JFK and connect to JetBlue who does not have business class so you are in the way back in coach . You can pay extra for a seat closer to the front with extra leg room but of course Aer Lingus does not arrange that. Basically paying for 3/4 business class.:::0
I took a flight from Netherlands to New Delhi via Moscow airport dated 16th December. I read all the reviews and statistics to check the possibility of any flight cancellation. Most of the reviews were negative but the stats were sound showing there were not significant delays. I was primarily hoping for 2 things 1). On time flight 2). Safe arrival of luggage. The flight from Amsterdam airport to Moscow (2 hours time) didn't had inflight entertainment. The other flight from Moscow to New Delhi (6 hours 20 minutes duration) had good inflight entertainment system. The quality of food was OK was not at its best. There were no delays in the connecting flights. I had to board from Terminal E to Terminal F which was nearby some 700 meters walking distance. However there were some issues with Moscow Airport - i). To my wonder the security staff was missing and the passengers had to wait for odd 20 minutes. They came scanned the handbags and put stamp on 'boarding pass' ii). the mini trolleys which are otherwise freely available on Amsterdam airport were simply unavailable. The passengers carrying hand bags had to face difficulty in rushing between terminals iii). The sign boards in Moscow airport are not mountedpositioned at appropriate locations. The travelers sometimes have to take U turn to go the correct direction.:::1
Boeing 777 from Moscow to Hanoi: good leg space comfortable chair excellent inflight entertainment with many new movies tv-series. The food was average but not bad. They serve wine (ok quality) but no beer. After dinner the flight attendants "disappear" but react quickly to the calling light.:::1
Airbus 320 from Moscow to Brussels: good leg space comfortable chair but a bit cramped in the 3-3 layout. No inflight entertainment but luckily only a 4 hours flight. Food average but ok. They serve wine (not bad) but no beer.:::1
Having read favourable reviews of this airline I had been looking forward to my flight from Athens to LHR. The aircraft an Airbus A321 was full but loading was well organised and my economy seat had decent legroom although was on the hard side. I was looking forward to my usual gin and tonic and was disappointed to discover that there was to be no drinks service on this four hour flight. The meal was eventually served on a chaotic tray the salad comprised small amounts of grated carrot and cabbage and the hot main was a pea and potato stew of strange flavour. The high-light of the meal was the small roll and cheese triangle! The bottle of red wine offered with the meal undrinkable. Two weeks earlier I had flown economy class LHR to Istanbul with British Airways and enjoyed the usual high standard of service I that I always seem to find on their flights.:::0
We flew from Athens to Rhodes 2 weeks ago fantastic airline short flight had sweets and soft drinks plenty of leg room.:::1
Customer service staff at Greece Airport were generally rude and sarcastic giving different versions of flight re-booking solutions. We were told we have to pay an extra 39 euros per person due to different flight cost and when we went to a different counter we were charged 20 euros per ticket as ticket amendment costs instead. In all the attitudes of the staff were very unpleasant.:::0
Return trip MUC-HER-MUC. On the return flight from Heraklion a cramped airport check-in-area full of returning holiday-makers: as a home-airport for the airline I would expect more than only one check-in being available for two simultaneously departing flights (MUC & CDG) resulting in horrible waiting queues. Additionally all passengers including those who managed to self-check-in and proceed to a "bag-drop-desk" had to queue a second time to take their luggage to only one open x-ray station themselves - another queuing disaster in an already overcrowded waiting hall. In total the check-in and "bag-drop" process on this particular flight consumed nearly two hours in cretan summer heat. I think Aegean could certainly do better by doubling the check-in-staff (opening a second counter) and making sure that passengers can actually drop their bags at the bag-drop. Making the experience even worse was a consecutive technical issue with the aircraft resulting in nearly 3 hours of waiting in an equally overcrowded terminal airside with bad information policy.:::0
I always fly American Airlines first class in my trip JFK-EZE-JFK. I decided to try the business class (club condor) with Aerolineas Argentinas. I regret to says that the business class of American Airlines is much better. The seat at the club condor are ok not flat bed but ok. We were welcomed with orange juice a cheap champagne and candies. The menu says only one appetizer (no choice) and 3 main courses. Two options are for the breakfast time. The whole experience with the catering was horrible. From the presentation to the quality the food did not respond to a business class. Do not expect to have any cocktails since they only have wine beer and whisky. The dessert was a piece of rock (ice cream) and we received hard croissant and bread in our breakfast. The returning flight did not even have all three dinner options and the food was horrible as well. I wonder how do they plan to compete with such a horrible presentation. They do not provide you with the custom forms for USA.:::0
